Variation ID	Chromosome	Position	Variant	Strand	Gene	Transcript	Entrez Gene	Predicted Function	CDNA Position	CDS Position	AA Position	AA Change	Detail	Splice Distance	Proteins
chr1:187497:G/A:1	chr1	187497	G|A	1	MIR6859-1	NR_106918	102466751	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:187497:G/A:1	chr1	187497	G|A	1	MIR6859-2	NR_107062	102465909	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:187497:G/A:1	chr1	187497	G|A	1	MIR6859-3	NR_107063	102465910	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:187497:G/A:1	chr1	187497	G|A	1	MIR6859-4	NR_128720	103504738	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:1452474:G/A:1	chr1	1452474	G|A	1	ATAD3C	NM_001039211	219293	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	40	None
chr1:1986752:A/G:1	chr1	1986752	A|G	1	CFAP74	NM_001304360	85452	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	185	None
chr1:12188701:A/G:1	chr1	12188701	A|G	1	TNFRSF1B	NM_001066	7133	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	95	None
chr1:12203460:C/A:1	chr1	12203460	C|A	1	TNFRSF1B	NM_001066	7133	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1289	None
chr1:12403806:A/T:1	chr1	12403806	A|T	1	VPS13D	NM_015378	55187	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19	None
chr1:12403806:A/T:1	chr1	12403806	A|T	1	VPS13D	NM_018156	55187	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19	None
chr1:16199915:C/A:1	chr1	16199915	C|A	1	ARHGEF19	NM_153213	128272	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	661	None
chr1:16409009:G/A:1	chr1	16409009	G|A	1	SPATA21	NM_001353349	374955	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	109	None
chr1:16409009:G/A:1	chr1	16409009	G|A	1	SPATA21	NM_198546	374955	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	109	None
chr1:16409009:G/A:1	chr1	16409009	G|A	1	SPATA21	NR_148413	374955	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	109	None
chr1:16621877:G/A:1	chr1	16621877	G|A	1	CROCCP2	NR_026752	84809	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1839	None
chr1:16627386:C/G:1	chr1	16627386	C|G	1	CROCCP2	NR_026752	84809	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	97	None
chr1:16645573:A/G:1	chr1	16645573	A|G	1	MST1P2	NR_027504	11209	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:16648598:C/T:1	chr1	16648598	C|T	1	MST1P2	NR_027504	11209	non-coding	1553	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:16649537:A/C:1	chr1	16649537	A|C	1	MST1P2	NR_027504	11209	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	12	None
chr1:16939622:G/T:1	chr1	16939622	G|T	1	CROCC	NM_014675	9696	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	272	None
chr1:17070003:T/C:1	chr1	17070003	T|C	1	PADI2	NM_007365	11240	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	85	None
chr1:17259359:A/C:1	chr1	17259359	A|C	1	PADI3	NM_016233	51702	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	219	None
chr1:17401141:T/G:1	chr1	17401141	T|G	1	PADI6	NM_207421	353238	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	64	None
chr1:17413265:G/T:1	chr1	17413265	G|T	1	RCC2	NM_001136204	55920	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	87	None
chr1:17413265:G/T:1	chr1	17413265	G|T	1	RCC2	NM_018715	55920	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	87	None
chr1:18874401:C/T:1	chr1	18874401	C|T	1	ALDH4A1	NM_001161504	8659	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	62	None
chr1:18874401:C/T:1	chr1	18874401	C|T	1	ALDH4A1	NM_001319218	8659	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	62	None
chr1:18874401:C/T:1	chr1	18874401	C|T	1	ALDH4A1	NM_003748	8659	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	62	None
chr1:18874401:C/T:1	chr1	18874401	C|T	1	ALDH4A1	NM_170726	8659	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	62	None
chr1:21839609:G/T:1	chr1	21839609	G|T	1	HSPG2	NM_001291860	3339	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chr1:21839609:G/T:1	chr1	21839609	G|T	1	HSPG2	NM_005529	3339	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chr1:21850169:G/T:1	chr1	21850169	G|T	1	HSPG2	NM_001291860	3339	coding	7401	7321	2441	R>R	syn	None	MGWRAAGALLLALLLHGRLLAVTHGLRAYDGLSLPEDIETVTASQMRWTHSYLSDDEDMLADSISGDDLGSGDLGSGDFQMVYFRALVNFTRSIEYSPQLEDAGSREFREVSEAVVDTLESEYLKIPGDQVVSVVFIKELDGWVFVELDVGSEGNADGAQIQEMLLRVISSGSVASYVTSPQGFQFRRLGTVPQFPRACTEAEFACHSYNECVALEYRCDRRPDCRDMSDELNCEEPVLGISPTFSLLVETTSLPPRPETTIMRQPPVTHAPQPLLPGSVRPLPCGPQEAACRNGHCIPRDYLCDGQEDCEDGSDELDCGPPPPCEPNEFPCGNGHCALKLWRCDGDFDCEDRTDEANCPTKRPEEVCGPTQFRCVSTNMCIPASFHCDEESDCPDRSDEFGCMPPQVVTPPRESIQASRGQTVTFTCVAIGVPTPIINWRLNWGHIPSHPRVTVTSEGGRGTLIIRDVKESDQGAYTCEAMNARGMVFGIPDGVLELVPQRAGPCPDGHFYLEHSAACLPCFCFGITSVCQSTRRFRDQIRLRFDQPDDFKGVNVTMPAQPGTPPLSSTQLQIDPSLHEFQLVDLSRRFLVHDSFWALPEQFLGNKVDSYGGSLRYNVRYELARGMLEPVQRPDVVLMGAGYRLLSRGHTPTQPGALNQRQVQFSEEHWVHESGRPVQRAELLQVLQSLEAVLIQTVYNTKMASVGLSDIAMDTTVTHATSHGRAHSVEECRCPIGYSGLSCESCDAHFTRVPGGPYLGTCSGCNCNGHASSCDPVYGHCLNCQHNTEGPQCNKCKAGFFGDAMKATATSCRPCPCPYIDASRRFSDTCFLDTDGQATCDACAPGYTGRRCESCAPGYEGNPIQPGGKCRPVNQEIVRCDERGSMGTSGEACRCKNNVVGRLCNECADGSFHLSTRNPDGCLKCFCMGVSRHCTSSSWSRAQLHGASEEPGHFSLTNAASTHTTNEGIFSPTPGELGFSSFHRLLSGPYFWSLPSRFLGDKVTSYGGELRFTVTQRSQPGSTPLHGQPLVVLQGNNIILEHHVAQEPSPGQPSTFIVPFREQAWQRPDGQPATREHLLMALAGIDTLLIRASYAQQPAESRVSGISMDVAVPEETGQDPALEVEQCSCPPGYRGPSCQDCDTGYTRTPSGLYLGTCERCSCHGHSEACEPETGACQGCQHHTEGPRCEQCQPGYYGDAQRGTPQDCQLCPCYGDPAAGQAAHTCFLDTDGHPTCDACSPGHSGRHCERCAPGYYGNPSQGQPCQRDSQVPGPIGCNCDPQGSVSSQCDAAGQCQCKAQVEGLTCSHCRPHHFHLSASNPDGCLPCFCMGITQQCASSAYTRHLISTHFAPGDFQGFALVNPQRNSRLTGEFTVEPVPEGAQLSFGNFAQLGHESFYWQLPETYQGDKVAAYGGKLRYTLSYTAGPQGSPLSDPDVQITGNNIMLVASQPALQGPERRSYEIMFREEFWRRPDGQPATREHLLMALADLDELLIRATFSSVPLAASISAVSLEVAQPGPSNRPRALEVEECRCPPGYIGLSCQDCAPGYTRTGSGLYLGHCELCECNGHSDLCHPETGACSQCQHNAAGEFCELCAPGYYGDATAGTPEDCQPCACPLTNPENMFSRTCESLGAGGYRCTACEPGYTGQYCEQCGPGYVGNPSVQGGQCLPETNQAPLVVEVHPARSIVPQGGSHSLRCQVSGSPPHYFYWSREDGRPVPSGTQQRHQGSELHFPSVQPSDAGVYICTCRNLHQSNTSRAELLVTEAPSKPITVTVEEQRSQSVRPGADVTFICTAKSKSPAYTLVWTRLHNGKLPTRAMDFNGILTIRNVQLSDAGTYVCTGSNMFAMDQGTATLHVQASGTLSAPVVSIHPPQLTVQPGQLAEFRCSATGSPTPTLEWTGGPGGQLPAKAQIHGGILRLPAVEPTDQAQYLCRAHSSAGQQVARAVLHVHGGGGPRVQVSPERTQVHAGRTVRLYCRAAGVPSATITWRKEGGSLPPQARSERTDIATLLIPAITTADAGFYLCVATSPAGTAQARIQVVVLSASDASPPPVKIESSSPSVTEGQTLDLNCVVAGSAHAQVTWYRRGGSLPPHTQVHGSRLRLPQVSPADSGEYVCRVENGSGPKEASITVSVLHGTHSGPSYTPVPGSTRPIRIEPSSSHVAEGQTLDLNCVVPGQAHAQVTWHKRGGSLPARHQTHGSLLRLHQVTPADSGEYVCHVVGTSGPLEASVLVTIEASVIPGPIPPVRIESSSSTVAEGQTLDLSCVVAGQAHAQVTWYKRGGSLPARHQVRGSRLYIFQASPADAGQYVCRASNGMEASITVTVTGTQGANLAYPAGSTQPIRIEPSSSQVAEGQTLDLNCVVPGQSHAQVTWHKRGGSLPVRHQTHGSLLRLYQASPADSGEYVCRVLGSSVPLEASVLVTIEPAGSVPALGVTPTVRIESSSSQVAEGQTLDLNCLVAGQAHAQVTWHKRGGSLPARHQVHGSRLRLLQVTPADSGEYVCRVVGSSGTQEASVLVTIQQRLSGSHSQGVAYPVRIESSSASLANGHTLDLNCLVASQAPHTITWYKRGGSLPSRHQIVGSRLRIPQVTPADSGEYVCHVSNGAGSRETSLIVTIQGSGSSHVPSVSPPIRIESSSPTVVEGQTLDLNCVVARQPQAIITWYKRGGSLPSRHQTHGSHLRLHQMSVADSGEYVCRANNNIDALEASIVISVSPSAGSPSAPGSSMPIRIESSSSHVAEGETLDLNCVVPGQAHAQVTWHKRGGSLPSHHQTRGSRLRLHHVSPADSGEYVCRVMGSSGPLEASVLVTIEASGSSAVHVPAPGGAPPIRIEPSSSRVAEGQTLDLKCVVPGQAHAQVTWHKRGGNLPARHQVHGPLLRLNQVSPADSGEYSCQVTGSSGTLEASVLVTIEPSSPGPIPAPGLAQPIYIEASSSHVTEGQTLDLNCVVPGQAHAQVTWYKRGGSLPARHQTHGSQLRLHLVSPADSGEYVCRAASGPGPEQEASFTVTVPPSEGSSYRLRSPVISIDPPSSTVQQGQDASFKCLIHDGAAPISLEWKTRNQELEDNVHISPNGSIITIVGTRPSNHGTYRCVASNAYGVAQSVVNLSVHGPPTVSVLPEGPVWVKVGKAVTLECVSAGEPRSSARWTRISSTPAKLEQRTYGLMDSHAVLQISSAKPSDAGTYVCLAQNALGTAQKQVEVIVDTGAMAPGAPQVQAEEAELTVEAGHTATLRCSATGSPAPTIHWSKLRSPLPWQHRLEGDTLIIPRVAQQDSGQYICNATSPAGHAEATIILHVESPPYATTVPEHASVQAGETVQLQCLAHGTPPLTFQWSRVGSSLPGRATARNELLHFERAAPEDSGRYRCRVTNKVGSAEAFAQLLVQGPPGSLPATSIPAGSTPTVQVTPQLETKSIGASVEFHCAVPSDRGTQLRWFKEGGQLPPGHSVQDGVLRIQNLDQSCQGTYICQAHGPWGKAQASAQLVIQALPSVLINIRTSVQTVVVGHAVEFECLALGDPKPQVTWSKVGGHLRPGIVQSGGVVRIAHVELADAGQYRCTATNAAGTTQSHVLLLVQALPQISMPQEVRVPAGSAAVFPCIASGYPTPDISWSKLDGSLPPDSRLENNMLMLPSVRPQDAGTYVCTATNRQGKVKAFAHLQVPERVVPYFTQTPYSFLPLPTIKDAYRKFEIKITFRPDSADGMLLYNGQKRVPGSPTNLANRQPDFISFGLVGGRPEFRFDAGSGMATIRHPTPLALGHFHTVTLLRSLTQGSLIVGDLAPVNGTSQGKFQGLDLNEELYLGGYPDYGAIPKAGLSSGFIGCVRELRIQGEEIVFHDLNLTAHGISHCPTCRDRPCQNGGQCHDSESSSYVCVCPAGFTGSRCEHSQALHCHPEACGPDATCVNRPDGRGYTCRCHLGRSGLRCEEGVTVTTPSLSGAGSYLALPALTNTHHELRLDVEFKPLAPDGVLLFSGGKSGPVEDFVSLAMVGGHLEFRYELGSGLAVLRSAEPLALGRWHRVSAERLNKDGSLRVNGGRPVLRSSPGKSQGLNLHTLLYLGGVEPSVPLSPATNMSAHFRGCVGEVSVNGKRLDLTYSFLGSQGIGQCYDSSPCERQPCQHGATCMPAGEYEFQCLCRDGFKGDLCEHEENPCQLREPCLHGGTCQGTRCLCLPGFSGPRCQQGSGHGIAESDWHLEGSGGNDAPGQYGAYFHDDGFLAFPGHVFSRSLPEVPETIELEVRTSTASGLLLWQGVEVGEAGQGKDFISLGLQDGHLVFRYQLGSGEARLVSEDPINDGEWHRVTALREGRRGSIQVDGEELVSGRSPGPNVAVNAKGSVYIGGAPDVATLTGGRFSSGITGCVKNLVLHSARPGAPPPQPLDLQHRAQAGANTRPCPS*
chr1:21850169:G/T:1	chr1	21850169	G|T	1	HSPG2	NM_005529	3339	coding	7411	7318	2440	R>R	syn	None	MGWRAAGALLLALLLHGRLLAVTHGLRAYDGLSLPEDIETVTASQMRWTHSYLSDDEDMLADSISGDDLGSGDLGSGDFQMVYFRALVNFTRSIEYSPQLEDAGSREFREVSEAVVDTLESEYLKIPGDQVVSVVFIKELDGWVFVELDVGSEGNADGAQIQEMLLRVISSGSVASYVTSPQGFQFRRLGTVPQFPRACTEAEFACHSYNECVALEYRCDRRPDCRDMSDELNCEEPVLGISPTFSLLVETTSLPPRPETTIMRQPPVTHAPQPLLPGSVRPLPCGPQEAACRNGHCIPRDYLCDGQEDCEDGSDELDCGPPPPCEPNEFPCGNGHCALKLWRCDGDFDCEDRTDEANCPTKRPEEVCGPTQFRCVSTNMCIPASFHCDEESDCPDRSDEFGCMPPQVVTPPRESIQASRGQTVTFTCVAIGVPTPIINWRLNWGHIPSHPRVTVTSEGGRGTLIIRDVKESDQGAYTCEAMNARGMVFGIPDGVLELVPQRGPCPDGHFYLEHSAACLPCFCFGITSVCQSTRRFRDQIRLRFDQPDDFKGVNVTMPAQPGTPPLSSTQLQIDPSLHEFQLVDLSRRFLVHDSFWALPEQFLGNKVDSYGGSLRYNVRYELARGMLEPVQRPDVVLMGAGYRLLSRGHTPTQPGALNQRQVQFSEEHWVHESGRPVQRAELLQVLQSLEAVLIQTVYNTKMASVGLSDIAMDTTVTHATSHGRAHSVEECRCPIGYSGLSCESCDAHFTRVPGGPYLGTCSGCNCNGHASSCDPVYGHCLNCQHNTEGPQCNKCKAGFFGDAMKATATSCRPCPCPYIDASRRFSDTCFLDTDGQATCDACAPGYTGRRCESCAPGYEGNPIQPGGKCRPVNQEIVRCDERGSMGTSGEACRCKNNVVGRLCNECADGSFHLSTRNPDGCLKCFCMGVSRHCTSSSWSRAQLHGASEEPGHFSLTNAASTHTTNEGIFSPTPGELGFSSFHRLLSGPYFWSLPSRFLGDKVTSYGGELRFTVTQRSQPGSTPLHGQPLVVLQGNNIILEHHVAQEPSPGQPSTFIVPFREQAWQRPDGQPATREHLLMALAGIDTLLIRASYAQQPAESRVSGISMDVAVPEETGQDPALEVEQCSCPPGYRGPSCQDCDTGYTRTPSGLYLGTCERCSCHGHSEACEPETGACQGCQHHTEGPRCEQCQPGYYGDAQRGTPQDCQLCPCYGDPAAGQAAHTCFLDTDGHPTCDACSPGHSGRHCERCAPGYYGNPSQGQPCQRDSQVPGPIGCNCDPQGSVSSQCDAAGQCQCKAQVEGLTCSHCRPHHFHLSASNPDGCLPCFCMGITQQCASSAYTRHLISTHFAPGDFQGFALVNPQRNSRLTGEFTVEPVPEGAQLSFGNFAQLGHESFYWQLPETYQGDKVAAYGGKLRYTLSYTAGPQGSPLSDPDVQITGNNIMLVASQPALQGPERRSYEIMFREEFWRRPDGQPATREHLLMALADLDELLIRATFSSVPLAASISAVSLEVAQPGPSNRPRALEVEECRCPPGYIGLSCQDCAPGYTRTGSGLYLGHCELCECNGHSDLCHPETGACSQCQHNAAGEFCELCAPGYYGDATAGTPEDCQPCACPLTNPENMFSRTCESLGAGGYRCTACEPGYTGQYCEQCGPGYVGNPSVQGGQCLPETNQAPLVVEVHPARSIVPQGGSHSLRCQVSGSPPHYFYWSREDGRPVPSGTQQRHQGSELHFPSVQPSDAGVYICTCRNLHQSNTSRAELLVTEAPSKPITVTVEEQRSQSVRPGADVTFICTAKSKSPAYTLVWTRLHNGKLPTRAMDFNGILTIRNVQLSDAGTYVCTGSNMFAMDQGTATLHVQASGTLSAPVVSIHPPQLTVQPGQLAEFRCSATGSPTPTLEWTGGPGGQLPAKAQIHGGILRLPAVEPTDQAQYLCRAHSSAGQQVARAVLHVHGGGGPRVQVSPERTQVHAGRTVRLYCRAAGVPSATITWRKEGGSLPPQARSERTDIATLLIPAITTADAGFYLCVATSPAGTAQARIQVVVLSASDASPPPVKIESSSPSVTEGQTLDLNCVVAGSAHAQVTWYRRGGSLPPHTQVHGSRLRLPQVSPADSGEYVCRVENGSGPKEASITVSVLHGTHSGPSYTPVPGSTRPIRIEPSSSHVAEGQTLDLNCVVPGQAHAQVTWHKRGGSLPARHQTHGSLLRLHQVTPADSGEYVCHVVGTSGPLEASVLVTIEASVIPGPIPPVRIESSSSTVAEGQTLDLSCVVAGQAHAQVTWYKRGGSLPARHQVRGSRLYIFQASPADAGQYVCRASNGMEASITVTVTGTQGANLAYPAGSTQPIRIEPSSSQVAEGQTLDLNCVVPGQSHAQVTWHKRGGSLPVRHQTHGSLLRLYQASPADSGEYVCRVLGSSVPLEASVLVTIEPAGSVPALGVTPTVRIESSSSQVAEGQTLDLNCLVAGQAHAQVTWHKRGGSLPARHQVHGSRLRLLQVTPADSGEYVCRVVGSSGTQEASVLVTIQQRLSGSHSQGVAYPVRIESSSASLANGHTLDLNCLVASQAPHTITWYKRGGSLPSRHQIVGSRLRIPQVTPADSGEYVCHVSNGAGSRETSLIVTIQGSGSSHVPSVSPPIRIESSSPTVVEGQTLDLNCVVARQPQAIITWYKRGGSLPSRHQTHGSHLRLHQMSVADSGEYVCRANNNIDALEASIVISVSPSAGSPSAPGSSMPIRIESSSSHVAEGETLDLNCVVPGQAHAQVTWHKRGGSLPSHHQTRGSRLRLHHVSPADSGEYVCRVMGSSGPLEASVLVTIEASGSSAVHVPAPGGAPPIRIEPSSSRVAEGQTLDLKCVVPGQAHAQVTWHKRGGNLPARHQVHGPLLRLNQVSPADSGEYSCQVTGSSGTLEASVLVTIEPSSPGPIPAPGLAQPIYIEASSSHVTEGQTLDLNCVVPGQAHAQVTWYKRGGSLPARHQTHGSQLRLHLVSPADSGEYVCRAASGPGPEQEASFTVTVPPSEGSSYRLRSPVISIDPPSSTVQQGQDASFKCLIHDGAAPISLEWKTRNQELEDNVHISPNGSIITIVGTRPSNHGTYRCVASNAYGVAQSVVNLSVHGPPTVSVLPEGPVWVKVGKAVTLECVSAGEPRSSARWTRISSTPAKLEQRTYGLMDSHAVLQISSAKPSDAGTYVCLAQNALGTAQKQVEVIVDTGAMAPGAPQVQAEEAELTVEAGHTATLRCSATGSPAPTIHWSKLRSPLPWQHRLEGDTLIIPRVAQQDSGQYICNATSPAGHAEATIILHVESPPYATTVPEHASVQAGETVQLQCLAHGTPPLTFQWSRVGSSLPGRATARNELLHFERAAPEDSGRYRCRVTNKVGSAEAFAQLLVQGPPGSLPATSIPAGSTPTVQVTPQLETKSIGASVEFHCAVPSDRGTQLRWFKEGGQLPPGHSVQDGVLRIQNLDQSCQGTYICQAHGPWGKAQASAQLVIQALPSVLINIRTSVQTVVVGHAVEFECLALGDPKPQVTWSKVGGHLRPGIVQSGGVVRIAHVELADAGQYRCTATNAAGTTQSHVLLLVQALPQISMPQEVRVPAGSAAVFPCIASGYPTPDISWSKLDGSLPPDSRLENNMLMLPSVRPQDAGTYVCTATNRQGKVKAFAHLQVPERVVPYFTQTPYSFLPLPTIKDAYRKFEIKITFRPDSADGMLLYNGQKRVPGSPTNLANRQPDFISFGLVGGRPEFRFDAGSGMATIRHPTPLALGHFHTVTLLRSLTQGSLIVGDLAPVNGTSQGKFQGLDLNEELYLGGYPDYGAIPKAGLSSGFIGCVRELRIQGEEIVFHDLNLTAHGISHCPTCRDRPCQNGGQCHDSESSSYVCVCPAGFTGSRCEHSQALHCHPEACGPDATCVNRPDGRGYTCRCHLGRSGLRCEEGVTVTTPSLSGAGSYLALPALTNTHHELRLDVEFKPLAPDGVLLFSGGKSGPVEDFVSLAMVGGHLEFRYELGSGLAVLRSAEPLALGRWHRVSAERLNKDGSLRVNGGRPVLRSSPGKSQGLNLHTLLYLGGVEPSVPLSPATNMSAHFRGCVGEVSVNGKRLDLTYSFLGSQGIGQCYDSSPCERQPCQHGATCMPAGEYEFQCLCRDGFKGDLCEHEENPCQLREPCLHGGTCQGTRCLCLPGFSGPRCQQGSGHGIAESDWHLEGSGGNDAPGQYGAYFHDDGFLAFPGHVFSRSLPEVPETIELEVRTSTASGLLLWQGVEVGEAGQGKDFISLGLQDGHLVFRYQLGSGEARLVSEDPINDGEWHRVTALREGRRGSIQVDGEELVSGRSPGPNVAVNAKGSVYIGGAPDVATLTGGRFSSGITGCVKNLVLHSARPGAPPPQPLDLQHRAQAGANTRPCPS*
chr1:21983524:T/C:1	chr1	21983524	T|C	1	CELA3B	NM_007352	23436	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	170	None
chr1:22893268:A/C:1	chr1	22893268	A|C	1	EPHB2	NM_001309193	2048	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	222	None
chr1:22893268:A/C:1	chr1	22893268	A|C	1	EPHB2	NM_004442	2048	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	222	None
chr1:22893268:A/C:1	chr1	22893268	A|C	1	EPHB2	NM_017449	2048	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	222	None
chr1:22893268:A/C:1	chr1	22893268	A|C	1	EPHB2	NM_001309192	2048	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	222	None
chr1:23436885:C/A:1	chr1	23436885	C|A	1	ASAP3	NM_001143778	55616	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chr1:23436885:C/A:1	chr1	23436885	C|A	1	ASAP3	NM_017707	55616	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chr1:23798309:A/C:1	chr1	23798309	A|C	1	GALE	NM_000403	2582	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr1:23798309:A/C:1	chr1	23798309	A|C	1	GALE	NM_001008216	2582	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr1:23798309:A/C:1	chr1	23798309	A|C	1	GALE	NM_001127621	2582	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr1:24081158:C/A:1	chr1	24081158	C|A	1	MYOM3	NM_152372	127294	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr1:24533003:G/T:1	chr1	24533003	G|T	1	RCAN3	NM_001251981	11123	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr1:24533003:G/T:1	chr1	24533003	G|T	1	RCAN3	NM_001251985	11123	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2090	None
chr1:24533003:G/T:1	chr1	24533003	G|T	1	RCAN3	NM_001251977	11123	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr1:24533003:G/T:1	chr1	24533003	G|T	1	RCAN3	NM_001251978	11123	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr1:24533003:G/T:1	chr1	24533003	G|T	1	RCAN3	NM_001251979	11123	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr1:24533003:G/T:1	chr1	24533003	G|T	1	RCAN3	NM_001251983	11123	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr1:24533003:G/T:1	chr1	24533003	G|T	1	RCAN3	NM_001251984	11123	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr1:24533003:G/T:1	chr1	24533003	G|T	1	RCAN3	NM_013441	11123	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr1:24533003:G/T:1	chr1	24533003	G|T	1	RCAN3	NM_001251980	11123	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	110	None
chr1:24533003:G/T:1	chr1	24533003	G|T	1	RCAN3	NM_001251982	11123	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1612	None
chr1:25990859:G/T:1	chr1	25990859	G|T	1	PAFAH2	NM_000437	5051	5utr	44	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:26571817:C/A:1	chr1	26571817	C|A	1	RPS6KA1	NM_002953	6195	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr1:26571817:C/A:1	chr1	26571817	C|A	1	RPS6KA1	NM_001006665	6195	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr1:26571817:C/A:1	chr1	26571817	C|A	1	RPS6KA1	NM_001330441	6195	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr1:27299455:G/T:1	chr1	27299455	G|T	1	WDTC1	NM_001276252	23038	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1344	None
chr1:27299455:G/T:1	chr1	27299455	G|T	1	WDTC1	NM_015023	23038	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1344	None
chr1:27412951:A/T:1	chr1	27412951	A|T	1	WASF2	NM_001201404	10163	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	224	None
chr1:27412951:A/T:1	chr1	27412951	A|T	1	WASF2	NM_006990	10163	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	224	None
chr1:27548064:G/T:1	chr1	27548064	G|T	1	AHDC1	NM_001029882	27245	coding	4883	4052	1351	P>Q	nonsyn	None	MRVKPQGLVVTSSAVCSSPDYLREPKYYPGGPPTPRPLLPTRPPASPPDKAFSTHAFSENPRPPPRRDPSTRRPPVLAKGDDPLPPRAARPVSQARCPTPVGDGSSSRRCWDNGRVNLRPVVQLIDIMKDLTRLSQDLQHSGVHLDCGGLRLSRPPAPPPGDLQYSFFSSPSLANSIRSPEERATPHAKSERPSHPLYEPEPEPRDSPQPGQGHSPGATAAATGLPPEPEPDSTDYSELADADILSELASLTCPEAQLLEAQALEPPSPEPEPQLLDPQPRFLDPQALEPLGEALELPPLQPLADPLGLPGLALQALDTLPDSLESQLLDPQALDPLPKLLDVPGRRLEPQQPLGHCPLAEPLRLDLCSPHGPPGPEGHPKYALRRTDRPKILCRRRKAGRGRKADAGPEGRLLPLPMPTGLVAALAEPPPPPPPPPPALPGPGPVSVPELKPESSQTPVVSTRKGKCRGVRRMVVKMAKIPVSLGRRNKTTYKVSSLSSSLSVEGKELGLRVSAEPTPLLKMKNNGRNVVVVFPPGEMPIILKRKRGRPPKNLLLGPGKPKEPAVVAAEAATVAAATMAMPEVKKRRRRKQKLASPQPSYAADANDSKAEYSDVLAKLAFLNRQSQCAGRCSPPRCWTPSEPESVHQAPDTQSISHFLHRVQGFRRRGGKAGGFGGRGGGHAAKSARCSFSDFFEGIGKKKKVVAVAAAGVGGPGLTELGHPRKRGRGEVDAVTGKPKRKRRSRKNGTLFPEQVPSGPGFGEAGAEWAGDKGGGWAPHHGHPGGQAGRNCGFQGTEARAFASTGLESGASGRGSYYSTGAPSGQTELSQERQNLFTGYFRSLLDSDDSSDLLDFALSASRPESRKASGTYAGPPTSALPAQRGLATFPSRGAKASPVAVGSSGAGADPSFQPVLSARQTFPPGRAASYGLTPAASDCRAAETFPKLVPPPSAMARSPTTHPPANTYLPQYGGYGAGQSVFAPTKPFTGQDCANSKDCSFAYGSGNSLPASPSSAHSAGYAPPPTGGPCLPPSKASFFSSSEGAPFSGSAPTPLRCDSRASTVSPGGYMVPKGTTASATSAASAASSSSSSFQPSPENCRQFAGASQWPFRQGYGGLDWASEAFSQLYNPSFDCHVSEPNVILDISNYTPQKVKQQTAVSETFSESSSDSTQFNQPVGGGGFRRANSEASSSEGQSSLSSLEKLMMDWNEASSAPGYNWNQSVLFQSSSKPGRGRRKKVDLFEASHLGFPTSASAAASGYPSKRSTGPRQPRGGRGGGACSAKKERGGAAAKAKFIPKPQPVNPLFQDSPDLGLDYYSGDSSMSPLPSQSRAFGVGERDPCDFIGPYSMNPSTPSDGTFGQGFHCDSPSLGAPELDGKHFPPLAHPPTVFDAGLQKAYSPTCSPTLGFKEELRPPPTKLAACEPLKHGLQGASLGHAAAAQAHLSCRDLPLGQPHYDSPSCKGTAYWYPPGSAARSPPYEGKVGTGLLADFLGRTEAACLSAPHLASPPATPKADKEPLEMARPPGPPRGPAAAAAGYGCPLLSDLTLSPVPRDSLLPLQDTAYRYPGFMPQAHPGLGGGPKSGFLGPMAEPHPEDTFTVTSL*|MRVKPQGLVVTSSAVCSSPDYLREPKYYPGGPPTPRPLLPTRPPASPPDKAFSTHAFSENPRPPPRRDPSTRRPPVLAKGDDPLPPRAARPVSQARCPTPVGDGSSSRRCWDNGRVNLRPVVQLIDIMKDLTRLSQDLQHSGVHLDCGGLRLSRPPAPPPGDLQYSFFSSPSLANSIRSPEERATPHAKSERPSHPLYEPEPEPRDSPQPGQGHSPGATAAATGLPPEPEPDSTDYSELADADILSELASLTCPEAQLLEAQALEPPSPEPEPQLLDPQPRFLDPQALEPLGEALELPPLQPLADPLGLPGLALQALDTLPDSLESQLLDPQALDPLPKLLDVPGRRLEPQQPLGHCPLAEPLRLDLCSPHGPPGPEGHPKYALRRTDRPKILCRRRKAGRGRKADAGPEGRLLPLPMPTGLVAALAEPPPPPPPPPPALPGPGPVSVPELKPESSQTPVVSTRKGKCRGVRRMVVKMAKIPVSLGRRNKTTYKVSSLSSSLSVEGKELGLRVSAEPTPLLKMKNNGRNVVVVFPPGEMPIILKRKRGRPPKNLLLGPGKPKEPAVVAAEAATVAAATMAMPEVKKRRRRKQKLASPQPSYAADANDSKAEYSDVLAKLAFLNRQSQCAGRCSPPRCWTPSEPESVHQAPDTQSISHFLHRVQGFRRRGGKAGGFGGRGGGHAAKSARCSFSDFFEGIGKKKKVVAVAAAGVGGPGLTELGHPRKRGRGEVDAVTGKPKRKRRSRKNGTLFPEQVPSGPGFGEAGAEWAGDKGGGWAPHHGHPGGQAGRNCGFQGTEARAFASTGLESGASGRGSYYSTGAPSGQTELSQERQNLFTGYFRSLLDSDDSSDLLDFALSASRPESRKASGTYAGPPTSALPAQRGLATFPSRGAKASPVAVGSSGAGADPSFQPVLSARQTFPPGRAASYGLTPAASDCRAAETFPKLVPPPSAMARSPTTHPPANTYLPQYGGYGAGQSVFAPTKPFTGQDCANSKDCSFAYGSGNSLPASPSSAHSAGYAPPPTGGPCLPPSKASFFSSSEGAPFSGSAPTPLRCDSRASTVSPGGYMVPKGTTASATSAASAASSSSSSFQPSPENCRQFAGASQWPFRQGYGGLDWASEAFSQLYNPSFDCHVSEPNVILDISNYTPQKVKQQTAVSETFSESSSDSTQFNQPVGGGGFRRANSEASSSEGQSSLSSLEKLMMDWNEASSAPGYNWNQSVLFQSSSKPGRGRRKKVDLFEASHLGFPTSASAAASGYPSKRSTGPRQPRGGRGGGACSAKKERGGAAAKAKFIPKPQPVNPLFQDSPDLGLDYYSGDSSMSPLPSQSRAFGVGERDPCDFIGPYSMNQSTPSDGTFGQGFHCDSPSLGAPELDGKHFPPLAHPPTVFDAGLQKAYSPTCSPTLGFKEELRPPPTKLAACEPLKHGLQGASLGHAAAAQAHLSCRDLPLGQPHYDSPSCKGTAYWYPPGSAARSPPYEGKVGTGLLADFLGRTEAACLSAPHLASPPATPKADKEPLEMARPPGPPRGPAAAAAGYGCPLLSDLTLSPVPRDSLLPLQDTAYRYPGFMPQAHPGLGGGPKSGFLGPMAEPHPEDTFTVTSL*
chr1:27668390:G/T:1	chr1	27668390	G|T	1	IFI6	NM_002038	2537	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr1:27668390:G/T:1	chr1	27668390	G|T	1	IFI6	NM_022872	2537	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr1:27668390:G/T:1	chr1	27668390	G|T	1	IFI6	NM_022873	2537	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr1:27819538:A/G:1	chr1	27819538	A|G	1	STX12	NM_177424	23673	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	112	None
chr1:27914481:C/T:1	chr1	27914481	C|T	1	RPA2	NM_001297558	6118	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	146	None
chr1:27914481:C/T:1	chr1	27914481	C|T	1	RPA2	NM_001286076	6118	5utr	317	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:27914481:C/T:1	chr1	27914481	C|T	1	RPA2	NM_001355128	6118	5utr	317	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:27914481:C/T:1	chr1	27914481	C|T	1	RPA2	NM_002946	6118	5utr	95	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:27914481:C/T:1	chr1	27914481	C|T	1	RPA2	NM_001355129	6118	5utr	317	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:28508571:C/A:1	chr1	28508571	C|A	1	SNORA73A	NR_002907	6080	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:28508571:C/A:1	chr1	28508571	C|A	1	RCC1	NM_001048199	1104	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	259	None
chr1:28508571:C/A:1	chr1	28508571	C|A	1	SNHG3	NR_002909	8420	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	259	None
chr1:28508571:C/A:1	chr1	28508571	C|A	1	RCC1	NR_030725	1104	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	259	None
chr1:28508571:C/A:1	chr1	28508571	C|A	1	RCC1	NR_030726	1104	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	259	None
chr1:28508571:C/A:1	chr1	28508571	C|A	1	SNHG3	NR_036473	8420	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	259	None
chr1:28508571:C/A:1	chr1	28508571	C|A	1	SNORA73B	NR_004404	26768	non-coding	14	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:33024644:G/C:1	chr1	33024644	G|C	1	AK2	NM_001319142	204	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2941	None
chr1:33024644:G/C:1	chr1	33024644	G|C	1	AK2	NM_001319139	204	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr1:33024644:G/C:1	chr1	33024644	G|C	1	AK2	NM_001319140	204	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr1:33024644:G/C:1	chr1	33024644	G|C	1	AK2	NM_001199199	204	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr1:33024644:G/C:1	chr1	33024644	G|C	1	AK2	NM_001319141	204	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr1:33024644:G/C:1	chr1	33024644	G|C	1	AK2	NM_001319143	204	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr1:33024644:G/C:1	chr1	33024644	G|C	1	AK2	NM_001625	204	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr1:33024644:G/C:1	chr1	33024644	G|C	1	AK2	NM_013411	204	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr1:33024644:G/C:1	chr1	33024644	G|C	1	AK2	NR_134976	204	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr1:34183136:A/G:1	chr1	34183136	A|G	1	C1orf94	NM_032884	84970	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14089	None
chr1:34183136:A/G:1	chr1	34183136	A|G	1	C1orf94	NM_001134734	84970	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5027	None
chr1:35850806:C/A:1	chr1	35850806	C|A	1	AGO4	NM_017629	192670	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:35850806:C/A:1	chr1	35850806	C|A	1	AGO4	NR_146062	192670	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:36176128:C/T:1	chr1	36176128	C|T	1	MAP7D1	NM_001286365	55700	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr1:36176128:C/T:1	chr1	36176128	C|T	1	MAP7D1	NM_001286366	55700	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr1:36176128:C/T:1	chr1	36176128	C|T	1	MAP7D1	NM_018067	55700	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr1:36301559:C/T:1	chr1	36301559	C|T	1	THRAP3	NM_001321471	9967	coding	2869	2509	837	R>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MSKTNKSKSGSRSSRSRSASRSRSRSFSKSRSRSRSLSRSRKRRLSSRSRSRSYSPAHNRERNHPRVYQNRDFRGHNRGYRRPYYFRGRNRGFYPWGQYNRGGYGNYRSNWQNYRQAYSPRRGRSRSRSPKRRSPSPRSRSHSRNSDKSSSDRSRRSSSSRSSSNHSRVESSKRKSAKEKKSSSKDSRPSQAAGDNQGDEAKEQTFSGGTSQDTKASESSKPWPDATYGTGSASRASAVSELSPRERSPALKSPLQSVVVRRRSPRPSPVPKPSPPLSSTSQMGSTLPSGAGYQSGTHQGQFDHGSGSLSPSKKSPVGKSPPSTGSTYGSSQKEESAASGGAAYTKRYLEEQKTENGKDKEQKQTNTDKEKIKEKGSFSDTGLGDGKMKSDSFAPKTDSEKPFRGSQSPKRYKLRDDFEKKMADFHKEEMDDQDKDKAKGRKESEFDDEPKFMSKVIGANKNQEEEKSGKWEGLVYAPPGKEKQRKTEELEEESFPERSKKEDRGKRSEGGHRGFVPEKNFRVTAYKAVQEKSSSPPPRKTSESRDKLGAKGDFPTGKSSFSITREAQVNVRMDSFDEDLARPSGLLAQERKLCRDLVHSNKKEQEFRSIFQHIQSAQSQRSPSELFAQHIVTIVHHVKEHHFGSSGMTLHERFTKYLKRGTEQEAAKNKKSPEIHRRIDISPSTFRKHGLAHDEMKSPREPGYKAEGKYKDDPVDLRLDIERRKKHKERDLKRGKSRESVDSRDSSHSRERSAEKTEKTHKGSKKQKKHRRARDRSRSSSSSSQSSHSYKAEEYTEETEEREESTTGFDKSRLGTKDFVGPSERGGGRARGTFQFRARGRGWGRGNYSGNNNNNSNNDFQKRNREEEWDPEYTPKSKKYYLHDDREGEGSDKWVSRGRGRGAFPRGRGRFMFRKSSTSPKWAHDKFSGEEGEIEDDESGTENREEKDNIQPTTE*|MSKTNKSKSGSRSSRSRSASRSRSRSFSKSRSRSRSLSRSRKRRLSSRSRSRSYSPAHNRERNHPRVYQNRDFRGHNRGYRRPYYFRGRNRGFYPWGQYNRGGYGNYRSNWQNYRQAYSPRRGRSRSRSPKRRSPSPRSRSHSRNSDKSSSDRSRRSSSSRSSSNHSRVESSKRKSAKEKKSSSKDSRPSQAAGDNQGDEAKEQTFSGGTSQDTKASESSKPWPDATYGTGSASRASAVSELSPRERSPALKSPLQSVVVRRRSPRPSPVPKPSPPLSSTSQMGSTLPSGAGYQSGTHQGQFDHGSGSLSPSKKSPVGKSPPSTGSTYGSSQKEESAASGGAAYTKRYLEEQKTENGKDKEQKQTNTDKEKIKEKGSFSDTGLGDGKMKSDSFAPKTDSEKPFRGSQSPKRYKLRDDFEKKMADFHKEEMDDQDKDKAKGRKESEFDDEPKFMSKVIGANKNQEEEKSGKWEGLVYAPPGKEKQRKTEELEEESFPERSKKEDRGKRSEGGHRGFVPEKNFRVTAYKAVQEKSSSPPPRKTSESRDKLGAKGDFPTGKSSFSITREAQVNVRMDSFDEDLARPSGLLAQERKLCRDLVHSNKKEQEFRSIFQHIQSAQSQRSPSELFAQHIVTIVHHVKEHHFGSSGMTLHERFTKYLKRGTEQEAAKNKKSPEIHRRIDISPSTFRKHGLAHDEMKSPREPGYKAEGKYKDDPVDLRLDIERRKKHKERDLKRGKSRESVDSRDSSHSRERSAEKTEKTHKGSKKQKKHRRARDRSRSSSSSSQSSHSYKAEEYTEETEEREESTTGFDKSRLGTKDFVGPSERGGGRARGTFQF*
chr1:36301559:C/T:1	chr1	36301559	C|T	1	THRAP3	NM_005119	9967	coding	2706	2509	837	R>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MSKTNKSKSGSRSSRSRSASRSRSRSFSKSRSRSRSLSRSRKRRLSSRSRSRSYSPAHNRERNHPRVYQNRDFRGHNRGYRRPYYFRGRNRGFYPWGQYNRGGYGNYRSNWQNYRQAYSPRRGRSRSRSPKRRSPSPRSRSHSRNSDKSSSDRSRRSSSSRSSSNHSRVESSKRKSAKEKKSSSKDSRPSQAAGDNQGDEAKEQTFSGGTSQDTKASESSKPWPDATYGTGSASRASAVSELSPRERSPALKSPLQSVVVRRRSPRPSPVPKPSPPLSSTSQMGSTLPSGAGYQSGTHQGQFDHGSGSLSPSKKSPVGKSPPSTGSTYGSSQKEESAASGGAAYTKRYLEEQKTENGKDKEQKQTNTDKEKIKEKGSFSDTGLGDGKMKSDSFAPKTDSEKPFRGSQSPKRYKLRDDFEKKMADFHKEEMDDQDKDKAKGRKESEFDDEPKFMSKVIGANKNQEEEKSGKWEGLVYAPPGKEKQRKTEELEEESFPERSKKEDRGKRSEGGHRGFVPEKNFRVTAYKAVQEKSSSPPPRKTSESRDKLGAKGDFPTGKSSFSITREAQVNVRMDSFDEDLARPSGLLAQERKLCRDLVHSNKKEQEFRSIFQHIQSAQSQRSPSELFAQHIVTIVHHVKEHHFGSSGMTLHERFTKYLKRGTEQEAAKNKKSPEIHRRIDISPSTFRKHGLAHDEMKSPREPGYKAEGKYKDDPVDLRLDIERRKKHKERDLKRGKSRESVDSRDSSHSRERSAEKTEKTHKGSKKQKKHRRARDRSRSSSSSSQSSHSYKAEEYTEETEEREESTTGFDKSRLGTKDFVGPSERGGGRARGTFQFRARGRGWGRGNYSGNNNNNSNNDFQKRNREEEWDPEYTPKSKKYYLHDDREGEGSDKWVSRGRGRGAFPRGRGRFMFRKSSTSPKWAHDKFSGEEGEIEDDESGTENREEKDNIQPTTE*|MSKTNKSKSGSRSSRSRSASRSRSRSFSKSRSRSRSLSRSRKRRLSSRSRSRSYSPAHNRERNHPRVYQNRDFRGHNRGYRRPYYFRGRNRGFYPWGQYNRGGYGNYRSNWQNYRQAYSPRRGRSRSRSPKRRSPSPRSRSHSRNSDKSSSDRSRRSSSSRSSSNHSRVESSKRKSAKEKKSSSKDSRPSQAAGDNQGDEAKEQTFSGGTSQDTKASESSKPWPDATYGTGSASRASAVSELSPRERSPALKSPLQSVVVRRRSPRPSPVPKPSPPLSSTSQMGSTLPSGAGYQSGTHQGQFDHGSGSLSPSKKSPVGKSPPSTGSTYGSSQKEESAASGGAAYTKRYLEEQKTENGKDKEQKQTNTDKEKIKEKGSFSDTGLGDGKMKSDSFAPKTDSEKPFRGSQSPKRYKLRDDFEKKMADFHKEEMDDQDKDKAKGRKESEFDDEPKFMSKVIGANKNQEEEKSGKWEGLVYAPPGKEKQRKTEELEEESFPERSKKEDRGKRSEGGHRGFVPEKNFRVTAYKAVQEKSSSPPPRKTSESRDKLGAKGDFPTGKSSFSITREAQVNVRMDSFDEDLARPSGLLAQERKLCRDLVHSNKKEQEFRSIFQHIQSAQSQRSPSELFAQHIVTIVHHVKEHHFGSSGMTLHERFTKYLKRGTEQEAAKNKKSPEIHRRIDISPSTFRKHGLAHDEMKSPREPGYKAEGKYKDDPVDLRLDIERRKKHKERDLKRGKSRESVDSRDSSHSRERSAEKTEKTHKGSKKQKKHRRARDRSRSSSSSSQSSHSYKAEEYTEETEEREESTTGFDKSRLGTKDFVGPSERGGGRARGTFQF*
chr1:36301559:C/T:1	chr1	36301559	C|T	1	THRAP3	NM_001321473	9967	coding	2734	2506	836	R>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MSKTNKSKSGSRSSRSRSASRSRSRSFSKSRSRSRSLSRSRKRRLSSRSRSRSYSPAHNRERNHPRVYQNRDFRGHNRGYRRPYYFRGRNRGFYPWGQYNRGGYGNYRSNWQNYRQAYSPRRGRSRSRSPKRRSPSPRSRSHSRNSDKSSSDRSRRSSSSRSSSNHSRVESSKRKSAKEKKSSSKDSRPSQAAGDNQGDEAKEQTFSGGTSQDTKASESSKPWPDATYGTGSASRASAVSELSPRERSPALKSPLQSVVVRRRSPRPSPVPKPSPPLSSTSQMGSTLPSGAGYQSGTHQGQFDHGSGSLSPSKKSPVGKSPPSTGSTYGSSQKEESAASGGAAYTKRYLEEQKTENGKDKEQKQTNTDKEKIKEKGSFSDTGLGDGKMKSDSFAPKTDSEKPFRGSQSPKRYKLRDDFEKKMADFHKEEMDDQDKDKAKGRKESEFDDEPKFMSKVIGANKNQEEEKSGKWEGLVYAPPGKEKQRKTEELEEESFPERSKKEDRGKRSEGGHRGFVPEKNFRVTAYKAVQEKSSSPPPRKTSESRDKLGAKGDFPTGKSSFSITREAQVNVRMDSFDEDLARPSGLLAQERKLCRDLVHSNKKEQEFRSIFQHIQSAQSQRSPSELFAQHIVTIVHHVKEHHFGSSGMTLHERFTKYLKRGTEQEAAKNKKSPEIHRRIDISPSTFRKHGLAHDEMKSPREPGYKAEGKYKDDPVDLRLDIERRKKHKERDLKRGKSRESVDSRDSSHSRERSAEKTEKTHKGSKKQKKHRRARDRSRSSSSSSQSSHSYKAEEYTEETEEREESTTGFDKSRLGTKDFVGPSERGGGRARGTFFRARGRGWGRGNYSGNNNNNSNNDFQKRNREEEWDPEYTPKSKKYYLHDDREGEGSDKWVSRGRGRGAFPRGRGRFMFRKSSTSPKWAHDKFSGEEGEIEDDESGTENREEKDNIQPTTE*|MSKTNKSKSGSRSSRSRSASRSRSRSFSKSRSRSRSLSRSRKRRLSSRSRSRSYSPAHNRERNHPRVYQNRDFRGHNRGYRRPYYFRGRNRGFYPWGQYNRGGYGNYRSNWQNYRQAYSPRRGRSRSRSPKRRSPSPRSRSHSRNSDKSSSDRSRRSSSSRSSSNHSRVESSKRKSAKEKKSSSKDSRPSQAAGDNQGDEAKEQTFSGGTSQDTKASESSKPWPDATYGTGSASRASAVSELSPRERSPALKSPLQSVVVRRRSPRPSPVPKPSPPLSSTSQMGSTLPSGAGYQSGTHQGQFDHGSGSLSPSKKSPVGKSPPSTGSTYGSSQKEESAASGGAAYTKRYLEEQKTENGKDKEQKQTNTDKEKIKEKGSFSDTGLGDGKMKSDSFAPKTDSEKPFRGSQSPKRYKLRDDFEKKMADFHKEEMDDQDKDKAKGRKESEFDDEPKFMSKVIGANKNQEEEKSGKWEGLVYAPPGKEKQRKTEELEEESFPERSKKEDRGKRSEGGHRGFVPEKNFRVTAYKAVQEKSSSPPPRKTSESRDKLGAKGDFPTGKSSFSITREAQVNVRMDSFDEDLARPSGLLAQERKLCRDLVHSNKKEQEFRSIFQHIQSAQSQRSPSELFAQHIVTIVHHVKEHHFGSSGMTLHERFTKYLKRGTEQEAAKNKKSPEIHRRIDISPSTFRKHGLAHDEMKSPREPGYKAEGKYKDDPVDLRLDIERRKKHKERDLKRGKSRESVDSRDSSHSRERSAEKTEKTHKGSKKQKKHRRARDRSRSSSSSSQSSHSYKAEEYTEETEEREESTTGFDKSRLGTKDFVGPSERGGGRARGTFF*
chr1:37587520:T/A:1	chr1	37587520	T|A	1	GNL2	NM_001323624	29889	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3186	None
chr1:37587520:T/A:1	chr1	37587520	T|A	1	GNL2	NM_001323623	29889	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25	None
chr1:37587520:T/A:1	chr1	37587520	T|A	1	GNL2	NM_013285	29889	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25	None
chr1:37625400:G/T:1	chr1	37625400	G|T	1	RSPO1	NM_001038633	284654	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4168	None
chr1:37625400:G/T:1	chr1	37625400	G|T	1	RSPO1	NM_001242908	284654	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4168	None
chr1:37625400:G/T:1	chr1	37625400	G|T	1	RSPO1	NM_001242910	284654	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4168	None
chr1:37625400:G/T:1	chr1	37625400	G|T	1	RSPO1	NM_001242909	284654	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4489	None
chr1:37806988:G/A:1	chr1	37806988	G|A	1	C1orf122	NM_198446	127687	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:37806988:G/A:1	chr1	37806988	G|A	1	C1orf122	NM_001142726	127687	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:37806988:G/A:1	chr1	37806988	G|A	1	YRDC	NM_024640	79693	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	12	None
chr1:39004181:C/T:1	chr1	39004181	C|T	1	AKIRIN1	NM_024595	79647	3utr	810	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:39004181:C/T:1	chr1	39004181	C|T	1	AKIRIN1	NM_001136275	79647	3utr	707	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:40085102:C/T:1	chr1	40085102	C|T	1	PPT1	NM_000310	5538	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4308	None
chr1:40085102:C/T:1	chr1	40085102	C|T	1	PPT1	NM_001142604	5538	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4308	None
chr1:40085102:C/T:1	chr1	40085102	C|T	1	PPT1	NM_001363695	5538	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4308	None
chr1:42816632:A/C:1	chr1	42816632	A|C	1	ERMAP	NM_001017922	114625	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:42816632:A/C:1	chr1	42816632	A|C	1	SVBP	NM_199342	374969	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	52	None
chr1:43426518:G/A:1	chr1	43426518	G|A	1	SZT2	NM_015284	23334	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	197	None
chr1:43426518:G/A:1	chr1	43426518	G|A	1	SZT2	NM_001365999	23334	coding	3264	3194	1065	R>Q	nonsyn	None	MASERPEPEVEEAGQVFLLMKKDYRISRNVRLAWFLSHLHQTVQATPQEMLLQSEQELEVLSVLPPGWQPDEPVVPRPFLLVPSTRVTFLAWQYRFVIELDLSPSTGIVDDSTGEILFDEVFHALSRCLGGLLRPFRVPGSCIDFQPEIYVTIQAYSSIIGLQSHQVLVQGCLLDPSQREVFLQQIYEQLCLFEDKVATMLQQQYDPQSQAEDQSPDSGDLLGRKVGVSMVTADLGLVSMIRQGILALQLLPSNSSAGIIVITDGVTSVPDVAVCETLLNQLRSGTVACSFVQVGGVYSYDCSFGHVPNVELMKFIAMATFGSYLSTCPEPEPGNLGLTVYHRAFLLYSFLRSGEALNPEYYCGSQHRLFNEHLVSASSNPALALRRKKHTEKEVPADLVSTVSVRLREGYSVREVTLAKGGSQLEVKLVLLWKHNMRIEYVAMAPWPLEPEGPRVTRVEVTMEGGYDILHDVSCALRQPIRSLYRTHVIRRFWNTLQSINQTDQMLAHLQSFSSVPEHFTLPDSTKSGVPLFYIPPGSTTPVLSLQPSGSDSSHAQFAAYWKPVLSMDANSWQRWLHMHRLVLILEHDTPIPKHLHTPGSNGRYSTIQCRISHSSLTSLLRDWSSFVLVEGYSYVKLLSSAPDQPPNSFYMVRIISKAPCMVLRLGFPIGTPAPARHKIVSGLREEILRLRFPHRVQSKEPTPKVKRKGLGGAGGGSSPSKSPPVLGPQQALSDRPCLVVLHKPLDKLLIRYEKLPLDYRAPFLLTLEPPGPLPLVSGRSASSSLASLSRYLYHQRWLWSVPSGLAPALPLSAIAQLLSILTEVRLSEGFHFACSGEGIINMVLELPIQNEPPGQAAAEEKHTCVVQYILFPPHSTSTKDSFSTDDDNDVEVEALEGDSELNLVTEVWVEPQYGRVGPGPGIWKHLQDLTYSEIPQALHPRDAACIGSMLSFEYLIQLCQSKEWGPLPPEPRVSDGLDQGGDTCVHEIPFHFDLMGLLPQCQQLQMFFLLLAREPEGVPFAEGSCPANDMVLCLLHSCLGQELSDREIPLTPVDQAAFLSEVLRRTCHVPGAEGPLLGVHGIPKEQAVGSTQATGDSAFTSLSVGLPETLKPLISAQPPQWRCYARLVNPQHVFLTFLPATFSDVQRLAACGLEGPPQEETKPKFGDWSGAPSLKDLGGTGIKATKSHVPVLSVTLASDNAQNQGELSPPFRRDLQAYAGRQASQTESADGPRTRCPVYIYSCSLEALREQMVGMQPPQAPRDLIFRTQFLDHPSPSSAWMEPRYKEAANHCALLQEHAQRCYVRGLFRSLQQAQSVTSQDLLTAVDACEELLQEIDITPFLLALCGHTWGLPHAPPSPGPLSPGPFSSSMEEGAEPRERAILASESSIETEDLSEPEFQSTRVPGIPDPGPEISLTDVCQLRGEAHGALHSVIQEKFLEISRLHFRTVPSNPHYFFYCPPSSRREDEGPRDTVDRKISDLEFSEAELMGEEGDTSACCVVTESDPELEVEYRESRESDLGPAGLDSASLSDVDTVNPDEDSFSILGGDSPTGPESFLHDLPPLFLHLTCSVRLRGQHSSVPVCSLPTCLGQVLSSLEGPPVGGRVPLRDLSVTLDVFMLTLPLEVELPTASDPQHHRSTSESSASFPRSPGQPSSLRSDDGLGPPLPPPEEERHPGLSNLATPHRLAIETTMNEIRWLLEDEMVGALRRGGIPQSPALHRAAAHIHSSPGRSTCLRQTLPLSFVFGPERSLTQFKEEFRRLHLPGHVLLEDPDSGFFFVAAGQQPGGSHGEPSSAAWAWHSHEDRAEGIEGETLTASPQAPGSPEDSEGVPLISLPRVPQGGSQPGPSRGLSLMSSQGSVDSDHLGYDGGSSGSDSEGPNDTLGEKAPFTLRTPPGPAPPQPSLSGLPGPCLPDFWLIVRVLQDRVEVYAHARSLIREDGGPGTECRHLQQLLVRRVGEICREVNQRLLLQDLHDSHVCNSLLVAESEEDLWRSETPFHSRQRAPLPSDDYAADESCAPRGYLAATMQFVPGHFSCDVVWGTVIRVHSRLKMGPSMGVSRAIQALRSVLNAFSVVNRKNMFVYQERATKAVYYLRLLETSCSDRPWKGDALPPSLALSRSQEPIYSEEASGPRSPLDMVSSRSSDAARPVGQVDRHIQLLVHGVGQAGPEITDELVRVLCRRLDEATLDVITVMLVRNCKLTPADVEFIQPPGSLPSEVLHLALPTSCRPWLPALAWYLRQNLLIFLHSPKYTDSNSRNHFQHPLPPQGGLPDLDIYLYNKPGGQGTGGKGVACITLAFVDEGGAPLSLALWPPSSPGPPDPLREEEFEQLTQVIRCPVVVDSSSAQNGAPRLRLDVWEKGNISIVQLEEKLRGAARQALADAIIELQLLPASLCTEDTPTGSLRNGSLETKSSAGRASTFPPAPVPGEPVTPPSKAGRRSFWDMLSKTECGDLGSPKTTDDIVLDRPEDTRGRRRHKTESVRTPGGAERAPGSDSGAQRQKRRTTQLEEGEVGTLHPVFARVAQRWMEFMVQIGCASVSRSSAHMVSRFLLPSILSEFTALVTSMAGDTSVRIFEQHLGSEPEIFGPCSPGQLGPSPRPAAERHLLLLGRNFLQWRRPTQQAAKAMQRFEPGGDGSSGRNAPRQRLLLLEVVDKKLQLLTYNWAPDLGAALGRALVRLVQWQNARAHLIFCLLSQKLGLFHHYGQLDFPVRDEKEPNPFLLPTMEVETLIRSASPPLSREQGRLSGSSRGGGPLPLDTFPFDEALRDITAARPSSVLGPVPRPPDPVTYHGQQFLEIKMAERRELERQMKMENLFVTWQQRSTPATMPISAGELETLKQSSRLVHYCATAMLFDPAAWLHGPPETSGPPDGQRRHRPESGSGSREAPTSCESLDVSPPGAREEPWLKELSLAFLQQYVQYLQSIGFVLVPLRPPSPARSTSRPRAMAILGTEGRGSFSCPKTKTDGSPKSTSSPVTTYHLQRALPGGIILMELAFQGCYFCVKQFALECSRIPMGQAVNSQLSMLFTEECDKVRDLMHVHSFSYDFHLRLVHQHVLGAHLVLRHGYHLTTFLRHFLAHHPDGPHFGRNHIYQGTLELPTPLIAAHQLYNYVADHASSYHMKPLRMARPGGPEHNEYALVSAWHSSGSYLDSEGLRHQDDFDVSLLVCHCAAPFEEQGEAERHVLRLQFFVVLTSQRELFPRLTADMRRFRKPPRLPPEPEAPGSSAGSPGEASGLILAPGPAPLFPPLAAEVGMARARLAQLVRLAGGHCRRDTLWKRLFLLEPPGPDRLRLGGRLALAELEELLEAVHAKSIGDIDPQLDCFLSMTVSWYQSLIKVLLSRFPQSCRHFQSPDLGTQYLVVLNQKFTDCFVLVFLDSHLGKTSLTVVFREPFPVQPQDSESPPAQLVSTYHHLESVINTACFTLWTRLL*|MASERPEPEVEEAGQVFLLMKKDYRISRNVRLAWFLSHLHQTVQATPQEMLLQSEQELEVLSVLPPGWQPDEPVVPRPFLLVPSTRVTFLAWQYRFVIELDLSPSTGIVDDSTGEILFDEVFHALSRCLGGLLRPFRVPGSCIDFQPEIYVTIQAYSSIIGLQSHQVLVQGCLLDPSQREVFLQQIYEQLCLFEDKVATMLQQQYDPQSQAEDQSPDSGDLLGRKVGVSMVTADLGLVSMIRQGILALQLLPSNSSAGIIVITDGVTSVPDVAVCETLLNQLRSGTVACSFVQVGGVYSYDCSFGHVPNVELMKFIAMATFGSYLSTCPEPEPGNLGLTVYHRAFLLYSFLRSGEALNPEYYCGSQHRLFNEHLVSASSNPALALRRKKHTEKEVPADLVSTVSVRLREGYSVREVTLAKGGSQLEVKLVLLWKHNMRIEYVAMAPWPLEPEGPRVTRVEVTMEGGYDILHDVSCALRQPIRSLYRTHVIRRFWNTLQSINQTDQMLAHLQSFSSVPEHFTLPDSTKSGVPLFYIPPGSTTPVLSLQPSGSDSSHAQFAAYWKPVLSMDANSWQRWLHMHRLVLILEHDTPIPKHLHTPGSNGRYSTIQCRISHSSLTSLLRDWSSFVLVEGYSYVKLLSSAPDQPPNSFYMVRIISKAPCMVLRLGFPIGTPAPARHKIVSGLREEILRLRFPHRVQSKEPTPKVKRKGLGGAGGGSSPSKSPPVLGPQQALSDRPCLVVLHKPLDKLLIRYEKLPLDYRAPFLLTLEPPGPLPLVSGRSASSSLASLSRYLYHQRWLWSVPSGLAPALPLSAIAQLLSILTEVRLSEGFHFACSGEGIINMVLELPIQNEPPGQAAAEEKHTCVVQYILFPPHSTSTKDSFSTDDDNDVEVEALEGDSELNLVTEVWVEPQYGRVGPGPGIWKHLQDLTYSEIPQALHPRDAACIGSMLSFEYLIQLCQSKEWGPLPPEPRVSDGLDQGGDTCVHEIPFHFDLMGLLPQCQQLQMFFLLLAREPEGVPFAEGSCPANDMVLCLLHSCLGQELSDREIPLTPVDQAAFLSEVLQRTCHVPGAEGPLLGVHGIPKEQAVGSTQATGDSAFTSLSVGLPETLKPLISAQPPQWRCYARLVNPQHVFLTFLPATFSDVQRLAACGLEGPPQEETKPKFGDWSGAPSLKDLGGTGIKATKSHVPVLSVTLASDNAQNQGELSPPFRRDLQAYAGRQASQTESADGPRTRCPVYIYSCSLEALREQMVGMQPPQAPRDLIFRTQFLDHPSPSSAWMEPRYKEAANHCALLQEHAQRCYVRGLFRSLQQAQSVTSQDLLTAVDACEELLQEIDITPFLLALCGHTWGLPHAPPSPGPLSPGPFSSSMEEGAEPRERAILASESSIETEDLSEPEFQSTRVPGIPDPGPEISLTDVCQLRGEAHGALHSVIQEKFLEISRLHFRTVPSNPHYFFYCPPSSRREDEGPRDTVDRKISDLEFSEAELMGEEGDTSACCVVTESDPELEVEYRESRESDLGPAGLDSASLSDVDTVNPDEDSFSILGGDSPTGPESFLHDLPPLFLHLTCSVRLRGQHSSVPVCSLPTCLGQVLSSLEGPPVGGRVPLRDLSVTLDVFMLTLPLEVELPTASDPQHHRSTSESSASFPRSPGQPSSLRSDDGLGPPLPPPEEERHPGLSNLATPHRLAIETTMNEIRWLLEDEMVGALRRGGIPQSPALHRAAAHIHSSPGRSTCLRQTLPLSFVFGPERSLTQFKEEFRRLHLPGHVLLEDPDSGFFFVAAGQQPGGSHGEPSSAAWAWHSHEDRAEGIEGETLTASPQAPGSPEDSEGVPLISLPRVPQGGSQPGPSRGLSLMSSQGSVDSDHLGYDGGSSGSDSEGPNDTLGEKAPFTLRTPPGPAPPQPSLSGLPGPCLPDFWLIVRVLQDRVEVYAHARSLIREDGGPGTECRHLQQLLVRRVGEICREVNQRLLLQDLHDSHVCNSLLVAESEEDLWRSETPFHSRQRAPLPSDDYAADESCAPRGYLAATMQFVPGHFSCDVVWGTVIRVHSRLKMGPSMGVSRAIQALRSVLNAFSVVNRKNMFVYQERATKAVYYLRLLETSCSDRPWKGDALPPSLALSRSQEPIYSEEASGPRSPLDMVSSRSSDAARPVGQVDRHIQLLVHGVGQAGPEITDELVRVLCRRLDEATLDVITVMLVRNCKLTPADVEFIQPPGSLPSEVLHLALPTSCRPWLPALAWYLRQNLLIFLHSPKYTDSNSRNHFQHPLPPQGGLPDLDIYLYNKPGGQGTGGKGVACITLAFVDEGGAPLSLALWPPSSPGPPDPLREEEFEQLTQVIRCPVVVDSSSAQNGAPRLRLDVWEKGNISIVQLEEKLRGAARQALADAIIELQLLPASLCTEDTPTGSLRNGSLETKSSAGRASTFPPAPVPGEPVTPPSKAGRRSFWDMLSKTECGDLGSPKTTDDIVLDRPEDTRGRRRHKTESVRTPGGAERAPGSDSGAQRQKRRTTQLEEGEVGTLHPVFARVAQRWMEFMVQIGCASVSRSSAHMVSRFLLPSILSEFTALVTSMAGDTSVRIFEQHLGSEPEIFGPCSPGQLGPSPRPAAERHLLLLGRNFLQWRRPTQQAAKAMQRFEPGGDGSSGRNAPRQRLLLLEVVDKKLQLLTYNWAPDLGAALGRALVRLVQWQNARAHLIFCLLSQKLGLFHHYGQLDFPVRDEKEPNPFLLPTMEVETLIRSASPPLSREQGRLSGSSRGGGPLPLDTFPFDEALRDITAARPSSVLGPVPRPPDPVTYHGQQFLEIKMAERRELERQMKMENLFVTWQQRSTPATMPISAGELETLKQSSRLVHYCATAMLFDPAAWLHGPPETSGPPDGQRRHRPESGSGSREAPTSCESLDVSPPGAREEPWLKELSLAFLQQYVQYLQSIGFVLVPLRPPSPARSTSRPRAMAILGTEGRGSFSCPKTKTDGSPKSTSSPVTTYHLQRALPGGIILMELAFQGCYFCVKQFALECSRIPMGQAVNSQLSMLFTEECDKVRDLMHVHSFSYDFHLRLVHQHVLGAHLVLRHGYHLTTFLRHFLAHHPDGPHFGRNHIYQGTLELPTPLIAAHQLYNYVADHASSYHMKPLRMARPGGPEHNEYALVSAWHSSGSYLDSEGLRHQDDFDVSLLVCHCAAPFEEQGEAERHVLRLQFFVVLTSQRELFPRLTADMRRFRKPPRLPPEPEAPGSSAGSPGEASGLILAPGPAPLFPPLAAEVGMARARLAQLVRLAGGHCRRDTLWKRLFLLEPPGPDRLRLGGRLALAELEELLEAVHAKSIGDIDPQLDCFLSMTVSWYQSLIKVLLSRFPQSCRHFQSPDLGTQYLVVLNQKFTDCFVLVFLDSHLGKTSLTVVFREPFPVQPQDSESPPAQLVSTYHHLESVINTACFTLWTRLL*
chr1:43591997:G/T:1	chr1	43591997	G|T	1	PTPRF	NM_001329137	5792	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49	None
chr1:43591997:G/T:1	chr1	43591997	G|T	1	PTPRF	NM_001329138	5792	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49	None
chr1:43591997:G/T:1	chr1	43591997	G|T	1	PTPRF	NM_001329139	5792	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49	None
chr1:43591997:G/T:1	chr1	43591997	G|T	1	PTPRF	NM_001329140	5792	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49	None
chr1:43591997:G/T:1	chr1	43591997	G|T	1	PTPRF	NM_002840	5792	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49	None
chr1:43591997:G/T:1	chr1	43591997	G|T	1	PTPRF	NM_130440	5792	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49	None
chr1:43617848:G/A:1	chr1	43617848	G|A	1	PTPRF	NM_001329137	5792	coding	3808	3474	1158	R>R	syn	None	MAPEPAPGRTMVPLVPALVMLGLVAGAHGDSKPVFIKVPEDQTGLSGGVASFVCQATGEPKPRITWMKKGKKVSSQRFEVIEFDDGAGSVLRIQPLRVQRDEAIYECTATNSLGEINTSAKLSVLEEEQLPPGFPSIDMGPQLKVVEKARTATMLCAAGGNPDPEISWFKDFLPVDPATSNGRIKQLRSGGSPIRGALQIESSEESDQGKYECVATNSAGTRYSAPANLYVRVRRVAPRFSIPPSSQEVMPGGSVNLTCVAVGAPMPYVKWMMGAEELTKEDEMPVGRNVLELSNVVRSANYTCVAISSLGMIEATAQVTVKALPKPPIDLVVTETTATSVTLTWDSGNSEPVTYYGIQYRAAGTEGPFQEVDGVATTRYSIGGLSPFSEYAFRVLAVNSIGRGPPSEAVRARTGEQAPSSPPRRVQARMLSASTMLVQWEPPEEPNGLVRGYRVYYTPDSRRPPNAWHKHNTDAGLLTTVGSLLPGITYSLRVLAFTAVGDGPPSPTIQVKTQQGVPAQPADFQAEVESDTRIQLSWLLPPQERIIMYELVYWAAEDEDQQHKVTFDPTSSYTLEDLKPDTLYRFQLAARSDMGVGVFTPTIEARTAQSMPSGPPRKVEVEPLNSTAVHVYWKLPVPSKQHGQIRGYQVTYVRLENGEPRGLPIIQDVMLAEAQWRPEESEDYETTISGLTPETTYSVTVAAYTTKGDGARSKPKIVTTTGAVFAKNFRVAAAMKTSVLLSWEVPDSYKSAVPFKILYNGQSVEVDGHSMRKLIADLQPNTEYSFVLMNRGSSAGGLQHLVSIRTAPDLLPHKPLPASAYIEDGRFDLSMPHVQDPSLVRWFYIVVVPIDRVGGSMLTPRWSTPEELELDELLEAIEQGGEEQRRRRRQAERLKPYVAAQLDVLPETFTLGDKKNYRGFYNRPLSPDLSYQCFVLASLKEPMDQKRYASSPYSDEIVVQVTPAQQQEEPEMLWVTGPVLAVILIILIVIAILLFKRKRTHSPSSKDEQSIGLKDSLLAHSSDPVEMRRLNYQTPGSSVPSCPNTSSMRDHPPIPITDLADNIERLKANDGLKFSQEYESIDPGQQFTWENSNLEVNKPKNRYANVIAYDHSRVILTSIDGVPGSDYINANYIDGYRKQNAYIATQGPLPETMGDFWRMVWEQRTATVVMMTRLEEKSRVKCDQYWPARGTETCGLIQVTLLDTVELATYTVRTFALHKSGSSEKRELRQFQFMAWPDHGVPEYPTPILAFLRRVKACNPLDAGPMVVHCSAGVGRTGCFIVIDAMLERMKHEKTVDIYGHVTCMRSQRNYMVQTEDQYVFIHEALLEAATCGHTEVPARNLYAHIQKLGQVPPGESVTAMELEFKLLASSKAHTSRFISANLPCNKFKNRLVNIMPYELTRVCLQPIRGVEGSDYINASFLDGYRQQKAYIATQGPLAESTEDFWRMLWEHNSTIIVMLTKLREMGREKCHQYWPAERSARYQYFVVDPMAEYNMPQYILREFKVTDARDGQSRTIRQFQFTDWPEQGVPKTGEGFIDFIGQVHKTKEQFGQDGPITVHCSAGVGRTGVFITLSIVLERMRYEGVVDMFQTVKTLRTQRPAMVQTEDQYQLCYRAALEYLGSFDHYAT*
chr1:43617848:G/A:1	chr1	43617848	G|A	1	PTPRF	NM_001329138	5792	coding	3832	3498	1166	R>R	syn	None	MAPEPAPGRTMVPLVPALVMLGLVAGAHGDSKPVFIKVPEDQTGLSGGVASFVCQATGEPKPRITWMKKGKKVSSQRFEVIEFDDGAGSVLRIQPLRVQRDEAIYECTATNSLGEINTSAKLSVLEEEQLPPGFPSIDMGPQLKVVEKARTATMLCAAGGNPDPEISWFKDFLPVDPATSNGRIKQLRSGGSPIRGALQIESSEESDQGKYECVATNSAGTRYSAPANLYVRDQREVRRVAPRFSIPPSSQEVMPGGSVNLTCVAVGAPMPYVKWMMGAEELTKEDEMPVGRNVLELSNVVRSANYTCVAISSLGMIEATAQVTVKALPKPPIDLVVTETTATSVTLTWDSGNSEPVTYYGIQYRAAGTEGPFQEVDGVATTRYSIGGLSPFSEYAFRVLAVNSIGRGPPSEAVRARTGEQAPSSPPRRVQARMLSASTMLVQWEPPEEPNGLVRGYRVYYTPDSRRPPNAWHKHNTDAGLLTTVGSLLPGITYSLRVLAFTAVGDGPPSPTIQVKTQQGVPAQPADFQAEVESDTRIQLSWLLPPQERIIMYELVYWAAEDEDQQHKVTFDPTSSYTLEDLKPDTLYRFQLAARSDMGVGVFTPTIEARTAQSMPSGPPRKVEVEPLNSTAVHVYWKLPVPSKQHGQIRGYQVTYVRLENGEPRGLPIIQDVMLAEAQWRPEESEDYETTISGLTPETTYSVTVAAYTTKGDGARSKPKIVTTTGAVFAKNFRVAAAMKTSVLLSWEVPDSYKSAVPFKILYNGQSVEVDGHSMRKLIADLQPNTEYSFVLMNRGSSAGGLQHLVSIRTAPDLLPHKPLPASAYIEDGRFDLSMPHVQDPSLVRWFYIVVVPIDRVGGSMLTPRWSTPEELELDELLEAIEQGGEEQRRRRRQAERLKPYVAAQLDVLPETFTLGDKKNYRGFYNRPLSPDLSYQCFVLASLKEPMDQKRYASSPYSDEIVVQVTPAQQQEEPEMLWVTGPVLAVILIILIVIAILLFKSKQERKRTHSPSSKDEQSIGLKDSLLAHSSDPVEMRRLNYQTPGSSVPSCPNTSSMRDHPPIPITDLADNIERLKANDGLKFSQEYESIDPGQQFTWENSNLEVNKPKNRYANVIAYDHSRVILTSIDGVPGSDYINANYIDGYRKQNAYIATQGPLPETMGDFWRMVWEQRTATVVMMTRLEEKSRVKCDQYWPARGTETCGLIQVTLLDTVELATYTVRTFALHKSGSSEKRELRQFQFMAWPDHGVPEYPTPILAFLRRVKACNPLDAGPMVVHCSAGVGRTGCFIVIDAMLERMKHEKTVDIYGHVTCMRSQRNYMVQTEDQYVFIHEALLEAATCGHTEVPARNLYAHIQKLGQVPPGESVTAMELEFKLLASSKAHTSRFISANLPCNKFKNRLVNIMPYELTRVCLQPIRGVEGSDYINASFLDGYRQQKAYIATQGPLAESTEDFWRMLWEHNSTIIVMLTKLREMGREKCHQYWPAERSARYQYFVVDPMAEYNMPQYILREFKVTDARDGQSRTIRQFQFTDWPEQGVPKTGEGFIDFIGQVHKTKEQFGQDGPITVHCSAGVGRTGVFITLSIVLERMRYEGVVDMFQTVKTLRTQRPAMVQTEDQYQLCYRAALEYLGSFDHYAT*
chr1:43617848:G/A:1	chr1	43617848	G|A	1	PTPRF	NM_001329139	5792	coding	3812	3456	1152	R>R	syn	None	MAPEPAPGRTMVPLVPALVMLGLVAGAHGDSKPVFIKVPEDQTGLSGGVASFVCQATGEPKPRITWMKKGKKVSSQRFEVIEFDDGAGSVLRIQPLRVQRDEAIYECTATNSLGEINTSAKLSVLEEEQLPPGFPSIDMGPQLKVVEKARTATMLCAAGGNPDPEISWFKDFLPVDPATSNGRIKQLRSGALQIESSEESDQGKYECVATNSAGTRYSAPANLYVRVRRVAPRFSIPPSSQEVMPGGSVNLTCVAVGAPMPYVKWMMGAEELTKEDEMPVGRNVLELSNVVRSANYTCVAISSLGMIEATAQVTVKALPKPPIDLVVTETTATSVTLTWDSGNSEPVTYYGIQYRAAGTEGPFQEVDGVATTRYSIGGLSPFSEYAFRVLAVNSIGRGPPSEAVRARTGEQAPSSPPRRVQARMLSASTMLVQWEPPEEPNGLVRGYRVYYTPDSRRPPNAWHKHNTDAGLLTTVGSLLPGITYSLRVLAFTAVGDGPPSPTIQVKTQQGVPAQPADFQAEVESDTRIQLSWLLPPQERIIMYELVYWAAEDEDQQHKVTFDPTSSYTLEDLKPDTLYRFQLAARSDMGVGVFTPTIEARTAQSMPSGPPRKVEVEPLNSTAVHVYWKLPVPSKQHGQIRGYQVTYVRLENGEPRGLPIIQDVMLAEAQWRPEESEDYETTISGLTPETTYSVTVAAYTTKGDGARSKPKIVTTTGAVFAKNFRVAAAMKTSVLLSWEVPDSYKSAVPFKILYNGQSVEVDGHSMRKLIADLQPNTEYSFVLMNRGSSAGGLQHLVSIRTAPDLLPHKPLPASAYIEDGRFDLSMPHVQDPSLVRWFYIVVVPIDRVGGSMLTPRWSTPEELELDELLEAIEQGGEEQRRRRRQAERLKPYVAAQLDVLPETFTLGDKKNYRGFYNRPLSPDLSYQCFVLASLKEPMDQKRYASSPYSDEIVVQVTPAQQQEEPEMLWVTGPVLAVILIILIVIAILLFKRKRTHSPSSKDEQSIGLKDSLLAHSSDPVEMRRLNYQTPGSSVPSCPNTSSMRDHPPIPITDLADNIERLKANDGLKFSQEYESIDPGQQFTWENSNLEVNKPKNRYANVIAYDHSRVILTSIDGVPGSDYINANYIDGYRKQNAYIATQGPLPETMGDFWRMVWEQRTATVVMMTRLEEKSRVKCDQYWPARGTETCGLIQVTLLDTVELATYTVRTFALHKSGSSEKRELRQFQFMAWPDHGVPEYPTPILAFLRRVKACNPLDAGPMVVHCSAGVGRTGCFIVIDAMLERMKHEKTVDIYGHVTCMRSQRNYMVQTEDQYVFIHEALLEAATCGHTEVPARNLYAHIQKLGQVPPGESVTAMELEFKLLASSKAHTSRFISANLPCNKFKNRLVNIMPYELTRVCLQPIRGVEGSDYINASFLDGYRQQKAYIATQGPLAESTEDFWRMLWEHNSTIIVMLTKLREMGREKCHQYWPAERSARYQYFVVDPMAEYNMPQYILREFKVTDARDGQSRTIRQFQFTDWPEQGVPKTGEGFIDFIGQVHKTKEQFGQDGPITVHCSAGVGRTGVFITLSIVLERMRYEGVVDMFQTVKTLRTQRPAMVQTEDQYQLCYRAALEYLGSFDHYAT*
chr1:43617848:G/A:1	chr1	43617848	G|A	1	PTPRF	NM_001329140	5792	coding	3752	3396	1132	R>R	syn	None	MAPEPAPGRTMVPLVPALVMLGLVAGAHGDSKPVFIKVPEDQTGLSGGVASFVCQATGEPKPRITWMKKGKKVSSQRFEVIEFDDGAGSVLRIQPLRVQRDEAIYECTATNSLGEINTSAKLSVLEEEQLPPGFPSIDMGPQLKVVEKARTATMLCAAGGNPDPEISWFKDFLPVDPATSNGRIKQLRSGALQIESSEESDQGKYECVATNSAGTRYSAPANLYVRVRRVAPRFSIPPSSQEVMPGGSVNLTCVAVGAPMPYVKWMMGAEELTKEDEMPVGRNVLELSNVVRSANYTCVAISSLGMIEATAQVTVKALPKPPIDLVVTETTATSVTLTWDSGNSEPVTYYGIQYRAAGTEGPFQEVDGVATTRYSIGGLSPFSEYAFRVLAVNSIGRGPPSEAVRARTGEQAPSSPPRRVQARMLSASTMLVQWEPPEEPNGLVRGYRVYYTPDSRRPPNAWHKHNTDAGLLTTVGSLLPGITYSLRVLAFTAVGDGPPSPTIQVKTQQGVPAQPADFQAEVESDTRIQLSWLLPPQERIIMYELVYWAAEDEDQQHKVTFDPTSSYTLEDLKPDTLYRFQLAARSDMGVGVFTPTIEARTAQSMPSGPPRKVEVEPLNSTAVHVYWKLPVPSKQHGQIRGYQVTYVRLENGEPRGLPIIQDVMLAEAQETTISGLTPETTYSVTVAAYTTKGDGARSKPKIVTTTGAVFAKNFRVAAAMKTSVLLSWEVPDSYKSAVPFKILYNGQSVEVDGHSMRKLIADLQPNTEYSFVLMNRGSSAGGLQHLVSIRTAPDLLPHKPLPASAYIEDGRFDLSMPHVQDPSLVRWFYIVVVPIDRVGGSMLTPRWSTPEELELDELLEAIEQGGEEQRRRRRQAERLKPYVAAQLDVLPETFTLGDKKNYRGFYNRPLSPDLSYQCFVLASLKEPMDQKRYASSPYSDEIVVQVTPAQQQEEPEMLWVTGPVLAVILIILIVIAILLFKRKRTHSPSSKDEQSIGLKDSLLAHSSDPVEMRRLNYQTPGMRDHPPIPITDLADNIERLKANDGLKFSQEYESIDPGQQFTWENSNLEVNKPKNRYANVIAYDHSRVILTSIDGVPGSDYINANYIDGYRKQNAYIATQGPLPETMGDFWRMVWEQRTATVVMMTRLEEKSRVKCDQYWPARGTETCGLIQVTLLDTVELATYTVRTFALHKSGSSEKRELRQFQFMAWPDHGVPEYPTPILAFLRRVKACNPLDAGPMVVHCSAGVGRTGCFIVIDAMLERMKHEKTVDIYGHVTCMRSQRNYMVQTEDQYVFIHEALLEAATCGHTEVPARNLYAHIQKLGQVPPGESVTAMELEFKLLASSKAHTSRFISANLPCNKFKNRLVNIMPYELTRVCLQPIRGVEGSDYINASFLDGYRQQKAYIATQGPLAESTEDFWRMLWEHNSTIIVMLTKLREMGREKCHQYWPAERSARYQYFVVDPMAEYNMPQYILREFKVTDARDGQSRTIRQFQFTDWPEQGVPKTGEGFIDFIGQVHKTKEQFGQDGPITVHCSAGVGRTGVFITLSIVLERMRYEGVVDMFQTVKTLRTQRPAMVQTEDQYQLCYRAALEYLGSFDHYAT*
chr1:43617848:G/A:1	chr1	43617848	G|A	1	PTPRF	NM_002840	5792	coding	4641	4308	1436	R>R	syn	None	MAPEPAPGRTMVPLVPALVMLGLVAGAHGDSKPVFIKVPEDQTGLSGGVASFVCQATGEPKPRITWMKKGKKVSSQRFEVIEFDDGAGSVLRIQPLRVQRDEAIYECTATNSLGEINTSAKLSVLEEEQLPPGFPSIDMGPQLKVVEKARTATMLCAAGGNPDPEISWFKDFLPVDPATSNGRIKQLRSGALQIESSEESDQGKYECVATNSAGTRYSAPANLYVRVRRVAPRFSIPPSSQEVMPGGSVNLTCVAVGAPMPYVKWMMGAEELTKEDEMPVGRNVLELSNVVRSANYTCVAISSLGMIEATAQVTVKALPKPPIDLVVTETTATSVTLTWDSGNSEPVTYYGIQYRAAGTEGPFQEVDGVATTRYSIGGLSPFSEYAFRVLAVNSIGRGPPSEAVRARTGEQAPSSPPRRVQARMLSASTMLVQWEPPEEPNGLVRGYRVYYTPDSRRPPNAWHKHNTDAGLLTTVGSLLPGITYSLRVLAFTAVGDGPPSPTIQVKTQQGVPAQPADFQAEVESDTRIQLSWLLPPQERIIMYELVYWAAEDEDQQHKVTFDPTSSYTLEDLKPDTLYRFQLAARSDMGVGVFTPTIEARTAQSTPSAPPQKVMCVSMGSTTVRVSWVPPPADSRNGVITQYSVAYEAVDGEDRGRHVVDGISREHSSWDLVGLEKWTEYRVWVRAHTDVGPGPESSPVLVRTDEDVPSGPPRKVEVEPLNSTAVHVYWKLPVPSKQHGQIRGYQVTYVRLENGEPRGLPIIQDVMLAEAQWRPEESEDYETTISGLTPETTYSVTVAAYTTKGDGARSKPKIVTTTGAVPGRPTMMISTTAMNTALLQWHPPKELPGELLGYRLQYCRADEARPNTIDFGKDDQHFTVTGLHKGTTYIFRLAAKNRAGLGEEFEKEIRTPEDLPSGFPQNLHVTGLTTSTTELAWDPPVLAERNGRIISYTVVFRDINSQQELQNITTDTRFTLTGLKPDTTYDIKVRAWTSKGSGPLSPSIQSRTMPVEQVFAKNFRVAAAMKTSVLLSWEVPDSYKSAVPFKILYNGQSVEVDGHSMRKLIADLQPNTEYSFVLMNRGSSAGGLQHLVSIRTAPDLLPHKPLPASAYIEDGRFDLSMPHVQDPSLVRWFYIVVVPIDRVGGSMLTPRWSTPEELELDELLEAIEQGGEEQRRRRRQAERLKPYVAAQLDVLPETFTLGDKKNYRGFYNRPLSPDLSYQCFVLASLKEPMDQKRYASSPYSDEIVVQVTPAQQQEEPEMLWVTGPVLAVILIILIVIAILLFKRKRTHSPSSKDEQSIGLKDSLLAHSSDPVEMRRLNYQTPGMRDHPPIPITDLADNIERLKANDGLKFSQEYESIDPGQQFTWENSNLEVNKPKNRYANVIAYDHSRVILTSIDGVPGSDYINANYIDGYRKQNAYIATQGPLPETMGDFWRMVWEQRTATVVMMTRLEEKSRVKCDQYWPARGTETCGLIQVTLLDTVELATYTVRTFALHKSGSSEKRELRQFQFMAWPDHGVPEYPTPILAFLRRVKACNPLDAGPMVVHCSAGVGRTGCFIVIDAMLERMKHEKTVDIYGHVTCMRSQRNYMVQTEDQYVFIHEALLEAATCGHTEVPARNLYAHIQKLGQVPPGESVTAMELEFKLLASSKAHTSRFISANLPCNKFKNRLVNIMPYELTRVCLQPIRGVEGSDYINASFLDGYRQQKAYIATQGPLAESTEDFWRMLWEHNSTIIVMLTKLREMGREKCHQYWPAERSARYQYFVVDPMAEYNMPQYILREFKVTDARDGQSRTIRQFQFTDWPEQGVPKTGEGFIDFIGQVHKTKEQFGQDGPITVHCSAGVGRTGVFITLSIVLERMRYEGVVDMFQTVKTLRTQRPAMVQTEDQYQLCYRAALEYLGSFDHYAT*
chr1:43617848:G/A:1	chr1	43617848	G|A	1	PTPRF	NM_130440	5792	coding	4637	4281	1427	R>R	syn	None	MAPEPAPGRTMVPLVPALVMLGLVAGAHGDSKPVFIKVPEDQTGLSGGVASFVCQATGEPKPRITWMKKGKKVSSQRFEVIEFDDGAGSVLRIQPLRVQRDEAIYECTATNSLGEINTSAKLSVLEEEQLPPGFPSIDMGPQLKVVEKARTATMLCAAGGNPDPEISWFKDFLPVDPATSNGRIKQLRSGALQIESSEESDQGKYECVATNSAGTRYSAPANLYVRVRRVAPRFSIPPSSQEVMPGGSVNLTCVAVGAPMPYVKWMMGAEELTKEDEMPVGRNVLELSNVVRSANYTCVAISSLGMIEATAQVTVKALPKPPIDLVVTETTATSVTLTWDSGNSEPVTYYGIQYRAAGTEGPFQEVDGVATTRYSIGGLSPFSEYAFRVLAVNSIGRGPPSEAVRARTGEQAPSSPPRRVQARMLSASTMLVQWEPPEEPNGLVRGYRVYYTPDSRRPPNAWHKHNTDAGLLTTVGSLLPGITYSLRVLAFTAVGDGPPSPTIQVKTQQGVPAQPADFQAEVESDTRIQLSWLLPPQERIIMYELVYWAAEDEDQQHKVTFDPTSSYTLEDLKPDTLYRFQLAARSDMGVGVFTPTIEARTAQSTPSAPPQKVMCVSMGSTTVRVSWVPPPADSRNGVITQYSVAYEAVDGEDRGRHVVDGISREHSSWDLVGLEKWTEYRVWVRAHTDVGPGPESSPVLVRTDEDVPSGPPRKVEVEPLNSTAVHVYWKLPVPSKQHGQIRGYQVTYVRLENGEPRGLPIIQDVMLAEAQETTISGLTPETTYSVTVAAYTTKGDGARSKPKIVTTTGAVPGRPTMMISTTAMNTALLQWHPPKELPGELLGYRLQYCRADEARPNTIDFGKDDQHFTVTGLHKGTTYIFRLAAKNRAGLGEEFEKEIRTPEDLPSGFPQNLHVTGLTTSTTELAWDPPVLAERNGRIISYTVVFRDINSQQELQNITTDTRFTLTGLKPDTTYDIKVRAWTSKGSGPLSPSIQSRTMPVEQVFAKNFRVAAAMKTSVLLSWEVPDSYKSAVPFKILYNGQSVEVDGHSMRKLIADLQPNTEYSFVLMNRGSSAGGLQHLVSIRTAPDLLPHKPLPASAYIEDGRFDLSMPHVQDPSLVRWFYIVVVPIDRVGGSMLTPRWSTPEELELDELLEAIEQGGEEQRRRRRQAERLKPYVAAQLDVLPETFTLGDKKNYRGFYNRPLSPDLSYQCFVLASLKEPMDQKRYASSPYSDEIVVQVTPAQQQEEPEMLWVTGPVLAVILIILIVIAILLFKRKRTHSPSSKDEQSIGLKDSLLAHSSDPVEMRRLNYQTPGMRDHPPIPITDLADNIERLKANDGLKFSQEYESIDPGQQFTWENSNLEVNKPKNRYANVIAYDHSRVILTSIDGVPGSDYINANYIDGYRKQNAYIATQGPLPETMGDFWRMVWEQRTATVVMMTRLEEKSRVKCDQYWPARGTETCGLIQVTLLDTVELATYTVRTFALHKSGSSEKRELRQFQFMAWPDHGVPEYPTPILAFLRRVKACNPLDAGPMVVHCSAGVGRTGCFIVIDAMLERMKHEKTVDIYGHVTCMRSQRNYMVQTEDQYVFIHEALLEAATCGHTEVPARNLYAHIQKLGQVPPGESVTAMELEFKLLASSKAHTSRFISANLPCNKFKNRLVNIMPYELTRVCLQPIRGVEGSDYINASFLDGYRQQKAYIATQGPLAESTEDFWRMLWEHNSTIIVMLTKLREMGREKCHQYWPAERSARYQYFVVDPMAEYNMPQYILREFKVTDARDGQSRTIRQFQFTDWPEQGVPKTGEGFIDFIGQVHKTKEQFGQDGPITVHCSAGVGRTGVFITLSIVLERMRYEGVVDMFQTVKTLRTQRPAMVQTEDQYQLCYRAALEYLGSFDHYAT*
chr1:43619068:C/T:1	chr1	43619068	C|T	1	PTPRF	NM_001329137	5792	coding	4012	3678	1226	R>R	syn	None	MAPEPAPGRTMVPLVPALVMLGLVAGAHGDSKPVFIKVPEDQTGLSGGVASFVCQATGEPKPRITWMKKGKKVSSQRFEVIEFDDGAGSVLRIQPLRVQRDEAIYECTATNSLGEINTSAKLSVLEEEQLPPGFPSIDMGPQLKVVEKARTATMLCAAGGNPDPEISWFKDFLPVDPATSNGRIKQLRSGGSPIRGALQIESSEESDQGKYECVATNSAGTRYSAPANLYVRVRRVAPRFSIPPSSQEVMPGGSVNLTCVAVGAPMPYVKWMMGAEELTKEDEMPVGRNVLELSNVVRSANYTCVAISSLGMIEATAQVTVKALPKPPIDLVVTETTATSVTLTWDSGNSEPVTYYGIQYRAAGTEGPFQEVDGVATTRYSIGGLSPFSEYAFRVLAVNSIGRGPPSEAVRARTGEQAPSSPPRRVQARMLSASTMLVQWEPPEEPNGLVRGYRVYYTPDSRRPPNAWHKHNTDAGLLTTVGSLLPGITYSLRVLAFTAVGDGPPSPTIQVKTQQGVPAQPADFQAEVESDTRIQLSWLLPPQERIIMYELVYWAAEDEDQQHKVTFDPTSSYTLEDLKPDTLYRFQLAARSDMGVGVFTPTIEARTAQSMPSGPPRKVEVEPLNSTAVHVYWKLPVPSKQHGQIRGYQVTYVRLENGEPRGLPIIQDVMLAEAQWRPEESEDYETTISGLTPETTYSVTVAAYTTKGDGARSKPKIVTTTGAVFAKNFRVAAAMKTSVLLSWEVPDSYKSAVPFKILYNGQSVEVDGHSMRKLIADLQPNTEYSFVLMNRGSSAGGLQHLVSIRTAPDLLPHKPLPASAYIEDGRFDLSMPHVQDPSLVRWFYIVVVPIDRVGGSMLTPRWSTPEELELDELLEAIEQGGEEQRRRRRQAERLKPYVAAQLDVLPETFTLGDKKNYRGFYNRPLSPDLSYQCFVLASLKEPMDQKRYASSPYSDEIVVQVTPAQQQEEPEMLWVTGPVLAVILIILIVIAILLFKRKRTHSPSSKDEQSIGLKDSLLAHSSDPVEMRRLNYQTPGSSVPSCPNTSSMRDHPPIPITDLADNIERLKANDGLKFSQEYESIDPGQQFTWENSNLEVNKPKNRYANVIAYDHSRVILTSIDGVPGSDYINANYIDGYRKQNAYIATQGPLPETMGDFWRMVWEQRTATVVMMTRLEEKSRVKCDQYWPARGTETCGLIQVTLLDTVELATYTVRTFALHKSGSSEKRELRQFQFMAWPDHGVPEYPTPILAFLRRVKACNPLDAGPMVVHCSAGVGRTGCFIVIDAMLERMKHEKTVDIYGHVTCMRSQRNYMVQTEDQYVFIHEALLEAATCGHTEVPARNLYAHIQKLGQVPPGESVTAMELEFKLLASSKAHTSRFISANLPCNKFKNRLVNIMPYELTRVCLQPIRGVEGSDYINASFLDGYRQQKAYIATQGPLAESTEDFWRMLWEHNSTIIVMLTKLREMGREKCHQYWPAERSARYQYFVVDPMAEYNMPQYILREFKVTDARDGQSRTIRQFQFTDWPEQGVPKTGEGFIDFIGQVHKTKEQFGQDGPITVHCSAGVGRTGVFITLSIVLERMRYEGVVDMFQTVKTLRTQRPAMVQTEDQYQLCYRAALEYLGSFDHYAT*
chr1:43619068:C/T:1	chr1	43619068	C|T	1	PTPRF	NM_001329138	5792	coding	4036	3702	1234	R>R	syn	None	MAPEPAPGRTMVPLVPALVMLGLVAGAHGDSKPVFIKVPEDQTGLSGGVASFVCQATGEPKPRITWMKKGKKVSSQRFEVIEFDDGAGSVLRIQPLRVQRDEAIYECTATNSLGEINTSAKLSVLEEEQLPPGFPSIDMGPQLKVVEKARTATMLCAAGGNPDPEISWFKDFLPVDPATSNGRIKQLRSGGSPIRGALQIESSEESDQGKYECVATNSAGTRYSAPANLYVRDQREVRRVAPRFSIPPSSQEVMPGGSVNLTCVAVGAPMPYVKWMMGAEELTKEDEMPVGRNVLELSNVVRSANYTCVAISSLGMIEATAQVTVKALPKPPIDLVVTETTATSVTLTWDSGNSEPVTYYGIQYRAAGTEGPFQEVDGVATTRYSIGGLSPFSEYAFRVLAVNSIGRGPPSEAVRARTGEQAPSSPPRRVQARMLSASTMLVQWEPPEEPNGLVRGYRVYYTPDSRRPPNAWHKHNTDAGLLTTVGSLLPGITYSLRVLAFTAVGDGPPSPTIQVKTQQGVPAQPADFQAEVESDTRIQLSWLLPPQERIIMYELVYWAAEDEDQQHKVTFDPTSSYTLEDLKPDTLYRFQLAARSDMGVGVFTPTIEARTAQSMPSGPPRKVEVEPLNSTAVHVYWKLPVPSKQHGQIRGYQVTYVRLENGEPRGLPIIQDVMLAEAQWRPEESEDYETTISGLTPETTYSVTVAAYTTKGDGARSKPKIVTTTGAVFAKNFRVAAAMKTSVLLSWEVPDSYKSAVPFKILYNGQSVEVDGHSMRKLIADLQPNTEYSFVLMNRGSSAGGLQHLVSIRTAPDLLPHKPLPASAYIEDGRFDLSMPHVQDPSLVRWFYIVVVPIDRVGGSMLTPRWSTPEELELDELLEAIEQGGEEQRRRRRQAERLKPYVAAQLDVLPETFTLGDKKNYRGFYNRPLSPDLSYQCFVLASLKEPMDQKRYASSPYSDEIVVQVTPAQQQEEPEMLWVTGPVLAVILIILIVIAILLFKSKQERKRTHSPSSKDEQSIGLKDSLLAHSSDPVEMRRLNYQTPGSSVPSCPNTSSMRDHPPIPITDLADNIERLKANDGLKFSQEYESIDPGQQFTWENSNLEVNKPKNRYANVIAYDHSRVILTSIDGVPGSDYINANYIDGYRKQNAYIATQGPLPETMGDFWRMVWEQRTATVVMMTRLEEKSRVKCDQYWPARGTETCGLIQVTLLDTVELATYTVRTFALHKSGSSEKRELRQFQFMAWPDHGVPEYPTPILAFLRRVKACNPLDAGPMVVHCSAGVGRTGCFIVIDAMLERMKHEKTVDIYGHVTCMRSQRNYMVQTEDQYVFIHEALLEAATCGHTEVPARNLYAHIQKLGQVPPGESVTAMELEFKLLASSKAHTSRFISANLPCNKFKNRLVNIMPYELTRVCLQPIRGVEGSDYINASFLDGYRQQKAYIATQGPLAESTEDFWRMLWEHNSTIIVMLTKLREMGREKCHQYWPAERSARYQYFVVDPMAEYNMPQYILREFKVTDARDGQSRTIRQFQFTDWPEQGVPKTGEGFIDFIGQVHKTKEQFGQDGPITVHCSAGVGRTGVFITLSIVLERMRYEGVVDMFQTVKTLRTQRPAMVQTEDQYQLCYRAALEYLGSFDHYAT*
chr1:43619068:C/T:1	chr1	43619068	C|T	1	PTPRF	NM_001329139	5792	coding	4016	3660	1220	R>R	syn	None	MAPEPAPGRTMVPLVPALVMLGLVAGAHGDSKPVFIKVPEDQTGLSGGVASFVCQATGEPKPRITWMKKGKKVSSQRFEVIEFDDGAGSVLRIQPLRVQRDEAIYECTATNSLGEINTSAKLSVLEEEQLPPGFPSIDMGPQLKVVEKARTATMLCAAGGNPDPEISWFKDFLPVDPATSNGRIKQLRSGALQIESSEESDQGKYECVATNSAGTRYSAPANLYVRVRRVAPRFSIPPSSQEVMPGGSVNLTCVAVGAPMPYVKWMMGAEELTKEDEMPVGRNVLELSNVVRSANYTCVAISSLGMIEATAQVTVKALPKPPIDLVVTETTATSVTLTWDSGNSEPVTYYGIQYRAAGTEGPFQEVDGVATTRYSIGGLSPFSEYAFRVLAVNSIGRGPPSEAVRARTGEQAPSSPPRRVQARMLSASTMLVQWEPPEEPNGLVRGYRVYYTPDSRRPPNAWHKHNTDAGLLTTVGSLLPGITYSLRVLAFTAVGDGPPSPTIQVKTQQGVPAQPADFQAEVESDTRIQLSWLLPPQERIIMYELVYWAAEDEDQQHKVTFDPTSSYTLEDLKPDTLYRFQLAARSDMGVGVFTPTIEARTAQSMPSGPPRKVEVEPLNSTAVHVYWKLPVPSKQHGQIRGYQVTYVRLENGEPRGLPIIQDVMLAEAQWRPEESEDYETTISGLTPETTYSVTVAAYTTKGDGARSKPKIVTTTGAVFAKNFRVAAAMKTSVLLSWEVPDSYKSAVPFKILYNGQSVEVDGHSMRKLIADLQPNTEYSFVLMNRGSSAGGLQHLVSIRTAPDLLPHKPLPASAYIEDGRFDLSMPHVQDPSLVRWFYIVVVPIDRVGGSMLTPRWSTPEELELDELLEAIEQGGEEQRRRRRQAERLKPYVAAQLDVLPETFTLGDKKNYRGFYNRPLSPDLSYQCFVLASLKEPMDQKRYASSPYSDEIVVQVTPAQQQEEPEMLWVTGPVLAVILIILIVIAILLFKRKRTHSPSSKDEQSIGLKDSLLAHSSDPVEMRRLNYQTPGSSVPSCPNTSSMRDHPPIPITDLADNIERLKANDGLKFSQEYESIDPGQQFTWENSNLEVNKPKNRYANVIAYDHSRVILTSIDGVPGSDYINANYIDGYRKQNAYIATQGPLPETMGDFWRMVWEQRTATVVMMTRLEEKSRVKCDQYWPARGTETCGLIQVTLLDTVELATYTVRTFALHKSGSSEKRELRQFQFMAWPDHGVPEYPTPILAFLRRVKACNPLDAGPMVVHCSAGVGRTGCFIVIDAMLERMKHEKTVDIYGHVTCMRSQRNYMVQTEDQYVFIHEALLEAATCGHTEVPARNLYAHIQKLGQVPPGESVTAMELEFKLLASSKAHTSRFISANLPCNKFKNRLVNIMPYELTRVCLQPIRGVEGSDYINASFLDGYRQQKAYIATQGPLAESTEDFWRMLWEHNSTIIVMLTKLREMGREKCHQYWPAERSARYQYFVVDPMAEYNMPQYILREFKVTDARDGQSRTIRQFQFTDWPEQGVPKTGEGFIDFIGQVHKTKEQFGQDGPITVHCSAGVGRTGVFITLSIVLERMRYEGVVDMFQTVKTLRTQRPAMVQTEDQYQLCYRAALEYLGSFDHYAT*
chr1:43619068:C/T:1	chr1	43619068	C|T	1	PTPRF	NM_001329140	5792	coding	3956	3600	1200	R>R	syn	None	MAPEPAPGRTMVPLVPALVMLGLVAGAHGDSKPVFIKVPEDQTGLSGGVASFVCQATGEPKPRITWMKKGKKVSSQRFEVIEFDDGAGSVLRIQPLRVQRDEAIYECTATNSLGEINTSAKLSVLEEEQLPPGFPSIDMGPQLKVVEKARTATMLCAAGGNPDPEISWFKDFLPVDPATSNGRIKQLRSGALQIESSEESDQGKYECVATNSAGTRYSAPANLYVRVRRVAPRFSIPPSSQEVMPGGSVNLTCVAVGAPMPYVKWMMGAEELTKEDEMPVGRNVLELSNVVRSANYTCVAISSLGMIEATAQVTVKALPKPPIDLVVTETTATSVTLTWDSGNSEPVTYYGIQYRAAGTEGPFQEVDGVATTRYSIGGLSPFSEYAFRVLAVNSIGRGPPSEAVRARTGEQAPSSPPRRVQARMLSASTMLVQWEPPEEPNGLVRGYRVYYTPDSRRPPNAWHKHNTDAGLLTTVGSLLPGITYSLRVLAFTAVGDGPPSPTIQVKTQQGVPAQPADFQAEVESDTRIQLSWLLPPQERIIMYELVYWAAEDEDQQHKVTFDPTSSYTLEDLKPDTLYRFQLAARSDMGVGVFTPTIEARTAQSMPSGPPRKVEVEPLNSTAVHVYWKLPVPSKQHGQIRGYQVTYVRLENGEPRGLPIIQDVMLAEAQETTISGLTPETTYSVTVAAYTTKGDGARSKPKIVTTTGAVFAKNFRVAAAMKTSVLLSWEVPDSYKSAVPFKILYNGQSVEVDGHSMRKLIADLQPNTEYSFVLMNRGSSAGGLQHLVSIRTAPDLLPHKPLPASAYIEDGRFDLSMPHVQDPSLVRWFYIVVVPIDRVGGSMLTPRWSTPEELELDELLEAIEQGGEEQRRRRRQAERLKPYVAAQLDVLPETFTLGDKKNYRGFYNRPLSPDLSYQCFVLASLKEPMDQKRYASSPYSDEIVVQVTPAQQQEEPEMLWVTGPVLAVILIILIVIAILLFKRKRTHSPSSKDEQSIGLKDSLLAHSSDPVEMRRLNYQTPGMRDHPPIPITDLADNIERLKANDGLKFSQEYESIDPGQQFTWENSNLEVNKPKNRYANVIAYDHSRVILTSIDGVPGSDYINANYIDGYRKQNAYIATQGPLPETMGDFWRMVWEQRTATVVMMTRLEEKSRVKCDQYWPARGTETCGLIQVTLLDTVELATYTVRTFALHKSGSSEKRELRQFQFMAWPDHGVPEYPTPILAFLRRVKACNPLDAGPMVVHCSAGVGRTGCFIVIDAMLERMKHEKTVDIYGHVTCMRSQRNYMVQTEDQYVFIHEALLEAATCGHTEVPARNLYAHIQKLGQVPPGESVTAMELEFKLLASSKAHTSRFISANLPCNKFKNRLVNIMPYELTRVCLQPIRGVEGSDYINASFLDGYRQQKAYIATQGPLAESTEDFWRMLWEHNSTIIVMLTKLREMGREKCHQYWPAERSARYQYFVVDPMAEYNMPQYILREFKVTDARDGQSRTIRQFQFTDWPEQGVPKTGEGFIDFIGQVHKTKEQFGQDGPITVHCSAGVGRTGVFITLSIVLERMRYEGVVDMFQTVKTLRTQRPAMVQTEDQYQLCYRAALEYLGSFDHYAT*
chr1:43619068:C/T:1	chr1	43619068	C|T	1	PTPRF	NM_002840	5792	coding	4845	4512	1504	R>R	syn	None	MAPEPAPGRTMVPLVPALVMLGLVAGAHGDSKPVFIKVPEDQTGLSGGVASFVCQATGEPKPRITWMKKGKKVSSQRFEVIEFDDGAGSVLRIQPLRVQRDEAIYECTATNSLGEINTSAKLSVLEEEQLPPGFPSIDMGPQLKVVEKARTATMLCAAGGNPDPEISWFKDFLPVDPATSNGRIKQLRSGALQIESSEESDQGKYECVATNSAGTRYSAPANLYVRVRRVAPRFSIPPSSQEVMPGGSVNLTCVAVGAPMPYVKWMMGAEELTKEDEMPVGRNVLELSNVVRSANYTCVAISSLGMIEATAQVTVKALPKPPIDLVVTETTATSVTLTWDSGNSEPVTYYGIQYRAAGTEGPFQEVDGVATTRYSIGGLSPFSEYAFRVLAVNSIGRGPPSEAVRARTGEQAPSSPPRRVQARMLSASTMLVQWEPPEEPNGLVRGYRVYYTPDSRRPPNAWHKHNTDAGLLTTVGSLLPGITYSLRVLAFTAVGDGPPSPTIQVKTQQGVPAQPADFQAEVESDTRIQLSWLLPPQERIIMYELVYWAAEDEDQQHKVTFDPTSSYTLEDLKPDTLYRFQLAARSDMGVGVFTPTIEARTAQSTPSAPPQKVMCVSMGSTTVRVSWVPPPADSRNGVITQYSVAYEAVDGEDRGRHVVDGISREHSSWDLVGLEKWTEYRVWVRAHTDVGPGPESSPVLVRTDEDVPSGPPRKVEVEPLNSTAVHVYWKLPVPSKQHGQIRGYQVTYVRLENGEPRGLPIIQDVMLAEAQWRPEESEDYETTISGLTPETTYSVTVAAYTTKGDGARSKPKIVTTTGAVPGRPTMMISTTAMNTALLQWHPPKELPGELLGYRLQYCRADEARPNTIDFGKDDQHFTVTGLHKGTTYIFRLAAKNRAGLGEEFEKEIRTPEDLPSGFPQNLHVTGLTTSTTELAWDPPVLAERNGRIISYTVVFRDINSQQELQNITTDTRFTLTGLKPDTTYDIKVRAWTSKGSGPLSPSIQSRTMPVEQVFAKNFRVAAAMKTSVLLSWEVPDSYKSAVPFKILYNGQSVEVDGHSMRKLIADLQPNTEYSFVLMNRGSSAGGLQHLVSIRTAPDLLPHKPLPASAYIEDGRFDLSMPHVQDPSLVRWFYIVVVPIDRVGGSMLTPRWSTPEELELDELLEAIEQGGEEQRRRRRQAERLKPYVAAQLDVLPETFTLGDKKNYRGFYNRPLSPDLSYQCFVLASLKEPMDQKRYASSPYSDEIVVQVTPAQQQEEPEMLWVTGPVLAVILIILIVIAILLFKRKRTHSPSSKDEQSIGLKDSLLAHSSDPVEMRRLNYQTPGMRDHPPIPITDLADNIERLKANDGLKFSQEYESIDPGQQFTWENSNLEVNKPKNRYANVIAYDHSRVILTSIDGVPGSDYINANYIDGYRKQNAYIATQGPLPETMGDFWRMVWEQRTATVVMMTRLEEKSRVKCDQYWPARGTETCGLIQVTLLDTVELATYTVRTFALHKSGSSEKRELRQFQFMAWPDHGVPEYPTPILAFLRRVKACNPLDAGPMVVHCSAGVGRTGCFIVIDAMLERMKHEKTVDIYGHVTCMRSQRNYMVQTEDQYVFIHEALLEAATCGHTEVPARNLYAHIQKLGQVPPGESVTAMELEFKLLASSKAHTSRFISANLPCNKFKNRLVNIMPYELTRVCLQPIRGVEGSDYINASFLDGYRQQKAYIATQGPLAESTEDFWRMLWEHNSTIIVMLTKLREMGREKCHQYWPAERSARYQYFVVDPMAEYNMPQYILREFKVTDARDGQSRTIRQFQFTDWPEQGVPKTGEGFIDFIGQVHKTKEQFGQDGPITVHCSAGVGRTGVFITLSIVLERMRYEGVVDMFQTVKTLRTQRPAMVQTEDQYQLCYRAALEYLGSFDHYAT*
chr1:43619068:C/T:1	chr1	43619068	C|T	1	PTPRF	NM_130440	5792	coding	4841	4485	1495	R>R	syn	None	MAPEPAPGRTMVPLVPALVMLGLVAGAHGDSKPVFIKVPEDQTGLSGGVASFVCQATGEPKPRITWMKKGKKVSSQRFEVIEFDDGAGSVLRIQPLRVQRDEAIYECTATNSLGEINTSAKLSVLEEEQLPPGFPSIDMGPQLKVVEKARTATMLCAAGGNPDPEISWFKDFLPVDPATSNGRIKQLRSGALQIESSEESDQGKYECVATNSAGTRYSAPANLYVRVRRVAPRFSIPPSSQEVMPGGSVNLTCVAVGAPMPYVKWMMGAEELTKEDEMPVGRNVLELSNVVRSANYTCVAISSLGMIEATAQVTVKALPKPPIDLVVTETTATSVTLTWDSGNSEPVTYYGIQYRAAGTEGPFQEVDGVATTRYSIGGLSPFSEYAFRVLAVNSIGRGPPSEAVRARTGEQAPSSPPRRVQARMLSASTMLVQWEPPEEPNGLVRGYRVYYTPDSRRPPNAWHKHNTDAGLLTTVGSLLPGITYSLRVLAFTAVGDGPPSPTIQVKTQQGVPAQPADFQAEVESDTRIQLSWLLPPQERIIMYELVYWAAEDEDQQHKVTFDPTSSYTLEDLKPDTLYRFQLAARSDMGVGVFTPTIEARTAQSTPSAPPQKVMCVSMGSTTVRVSWVPPPADSRNGVITQYSVAYEAVDGEDRGRHVVDGISREHSSWDLVGLEKWTEYRVWVRAHTDVGPGPESSPVLVRTDEDVPSGPPRKVEVEPLNSTAVHVYWKLPVPSKQHGQIRGYQVTYVRLENGEPRGLPIIQDVMLAEAQETTISGLTPETTYSVTVAAYTTKGDGARSKPKIVTTTGAVPGRPTMMISTTAMNTALLQWHPPKELPGELLGYRLQYCRADEARPNTIDFGKDDQHFTVTGLHKGTTYIFRLAAKNRAGLGEEFEKEIRTPEDLPSGFPQNLHVTGLTTSTTELAWDPPVLAERNGRIISYTVVFRDINSQQELQNITTDTRFTLTGLKPDTTYDIKVRAWTSKGSGPLSPSIQSRTMPVEQVFAKNFRVAAAMKTSVLLSWEVPDSYKSAVPFKILYNGQSVEVDGHSMRKLIADLQPNTEYSFVLMNRGSSAGGLQHLVSIRTAPDLLPHKPLPASAYIEDGRFDLSMPHVQDPSLVRWFYIVVVPIDRVGGSMLTPRWSTPEELELDELLEAIEQGGEEQRRRRRQAERLKPYVAAQLDVLPETFTLGDKKNYRGFYNRPLSPDLSYQCFVLASLKEPMDQKRYASSPYSDEIVVQVTPAQQQEEPEMLWVTGPVLAVILIILIVIAILLFKRKRTHSPSSKDEQSIGLKDSLLAHSSDPVEMRRLNYQTPGMRDHPPIPITDLADNIERLKANDGLKFSQEYESIDPGQQFTWENSNLEVNKPKNRYANVIAYDHSRVILTSIDGVPGSDYINANYIDGYRKQNAYIATQGPLPETMGDFWRMVWEQRTATVVMMTRLEEKSRVKCDQYWPARGTETCGLIQVTLLDTVELATYTVRTFALHKSGSSEKRELRQFQFMAWPDHGVPEYPTPILAFLRRVKACNPLDAGPMVVHCSAGVGRTGCFIVIDAMLERMKHEKTVDIYGHVTCMRSQRNYMVQTEDQYVFIHEALLEAATCGHTEVPARNLYAHIQKLGQVPPGESVTAMELEFKLLASSKAHTSRFISANLPCNKFKNRLVNIMPYELTRVCLQPIRGVEGSDYINASFLDGYRQQKAYIATQGPLAESTEDFWRMLWEHNSTIIVMLTKLREMGREKCHQYWPAERSARYQYFVVDPMAEYNMPQYILREFKVTDARDGQSRTIRQFQFTDWPEQGVPKTGEGFIDFIGQVHKTKEQFGQDGPITVHCSAGVGRTGVFITLSIVLERMRYEGVVDMFQTVKTLRTQRPAMVQTEDQYQLCYRAALEYLGSFDHYAT*
chr1:43620409:T/C:1	chr1	43620409	T|C	1	PTPRF	NM_001329137	5792	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr1:43620409:T/C:1	chr1	43620409	T|C	1	PTPRF	NM_001329138	5792	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr1:43620409:T/C:1	chr1	43620409	T|C	1	PTPRF	NM_001329139	5792	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr1:43620409:T/C:1	chr1	43620409	T|C	1	PTPRF	NM_001329140	5792	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr1:43620409:T/C:1	chr1	43620409	T|C	1	PTPRF	NM_002840	5792	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr1:43620409:T/C:1	chr1	43620409	T|C	1	PTPRF	NM_130440	5792	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr1:45034622:A/G:1	chr1	45034622	A|G	1	ZSWIM5	NM_020883	57643	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	153	None
chr1:47035660:G/C:1	chr1	47035660	G|C	1	CYP4X1	NM_001320289	260293	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	146	None
chr1:47035660:G/C:1	chr1	47035660	G|C	1	CYP4X1	NM_001320290	260293	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	146	None
chr1:47035660:G/C:1	chr1	47035660	G|C	1	CYP4X1	NM_178033	260293	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	146	None
chr1:47823675:C/A:1	chr1	47823675	C|A	1	TRABD2B	NM_001194986	388630	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	22056	None
chr1:48560934:C/A:1	chr1	48560934	C|A	1	AGBL4	NM_001323573	84871	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21196	None
chr1:48560934:C/A:1	chr1	48560934	C|A	1	AGBL4	NM_001323574	84871	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21196	None
chr1:48560934:C/A:1	chr1	48560934	C|A	1	AGBL4	NM_001323575	84871	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21196	None
chr1:48560934:C/A:1	chr1	48560934	C|A	1	AGBL4	NM_032785	84871	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21196	None
chr1:48560934:C/A:1	chr1	48560934	C|A	1	AGBL4	NR_136623	84871	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21196	None
chr1:49844523:C/A:1	chr1	49844523	C|A	1	AGBL4	NR_136623	84871	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6873	None
chr1:49844523:C/A:1	chr1	49844523	C|A	1	AGBL4	NM_001323573	84871	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6873	None
chr1:49844523:C/A:1	chr1	49844523	C|A	1	AGBL4	NM_001323574	84871	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6873	None
chr1:49844523:C/A:1	chr1	49844523	C|A	1	AGBL4	NM_001323575	84871	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6873	None
chr1:49844523:C/A:1	chr1	49844523	C|A	1	AGBL4	NM_032785	84871	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6873	None
chr1:51465474:T/A:1	chr1	51465474	T|A	1	EPS15	NM_001981	2060	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	148	None
chr1:52908085:G/T:1	chr1	52908085	G|T	1	ECHDC2	NM_001198961	55268	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	131	None
chr1:52908085:G/T:1	chr1	52908085	G|T	1	ECHDC2	NM_001198962	55268	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	131	None
chr1:52908085:G/T:1	chr1	52908085	G|T	1	ECHDC2	NM_001319958	55268	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	131	None
chr1:52908085:G/T:1	chr1	52908085	G|T	1	ECHDC2	NM_018281	55268	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	131	None
chr1:53529967:G/A:1	chr1	53529967	G|A	1	GLIS1	NM_001367484	148979	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr1:53529967:G/A:1	chr1	53529967	G|A	1	GLIS1	NM_147193	148979	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr1:54342537:C/A:1	chr1	54342537	C|A	1	SSBP3	NM_001009955	23648	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59324	None
chr1:54342537:C/A:1	chr1	54342537	C|A	1	SSBP3	NM_018070	23648	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59324	None
chr1:54342537:C/A:1	chr1	54342537	C|A	1	SSBP3	NM_145716	23648	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59324	None
chr1:56706008:C/A:1	chr1	56706008	C|A	1	PRKAA2	NM_006252	5563	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr1:61088112:A/T:1	chr1	61088112	A|T	1	NFIA	NM_001145511	4774	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	37	None
chr1:61088112:A/T:1	chr1	61088112	A|T	1	NFIA	NM_001134673	4774	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	37	None
chr1:61088112:A/T:1	chr1	61088112	A|T	1	NFIA	NM_001145512	4774	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	37	None
chr1:61088112:A/T:1	chr1	61088112	A|T	1	NFIA	NM_005595	4774	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	37	None
chr1:70228405:A/T:1	chr1	70228405	A|T	1	SRSF11	NM_001190987	9295	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr1:70228405:A/T:1	chr1	70228405	A|T	1	SRSF11	NM_001350605	9295	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr1:70228405:A/T:1	chr1	70228405	A|T	1	SRSF11	NM_001350606	9295	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr1:70228405:A/T:1	chr1	70228405	A|T	1	SRSF11	NM_001350607	9295	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr1:70228405:A/T:1	chr1	70228405	A|T	1	SRSF11	NM_001350608	9295	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr1:70228405:A/T:1	chr1	70228405	A|T	1	SRSF11	NM_001350609	9295	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr1:70228405:A/T:1	chr1	70228405	A|T	1	SRSF11	NM_001350610	9295	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr1:70228405:A/T:1	chr1	70228405	A|T	1	SRSF11	NM_001350611	9295	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr1:70228405:A/T:1	chr1	70228405	A|T	1	SRSF11	NM_001350612	9295	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr1:70228405:A/T:1	chr1	70228405	A|T	1	SRSF11	NM_001350613	9295	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr1:70228405:A/T:1	chr1	70228405	A|T	1	SRSF11	NM_001350614	9295	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr1:70228405:A/T:1	chr1	70228405	A|T	1	SRSF11	NM_001350616	9295	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr1:70228405:A/T:1	chr1	70228405	A|T	1	SRSF11	NM_004768	9295	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr1:70228405:A/T:1	chr1	70228405	A|T	1	SRSF11	NR_146810	9295	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr1:70228405:A/T:1	chr1	70228405	A|T	1	SRSF11	NM_001350615	9295	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr1:86743074:C/T:1	chr1	86743074	C|T	1	SH3GLB1	NM_001206651	51100	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	54	None
chr1:86743074:C/T:1	chr1	86743074	C|T	1	SH3GLB1	NM_001206652	51100	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	54	None
chr1:86743074:C/T:1	chr1	86743074	C|T	1	SH3GLB1	NM_001206653	51100	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	54	None
chr1:86743074:C/T:1	chr1	86743074	C|T	1	SH3GLB1	NM_016009	51100	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	54	None
chr1:94036566:G/A:1	chr1	94036566	G|A	1	ABCA4	NM_000350	24	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	174	None
chr1:94179658:C/A:1	chr1	94179658	C|A	1	ARHGAP29	NM_001328664	9411	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr1:94179658:C/A:1	chr1	94179658	C|A	1	ARHGAP29	NM_001328665	9411	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr1:94179658:C/A:1	chr1	94179658	C|A	1	ARHGAP29	NM_001328666	9411	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr1:94179658:C/A:1	chr1	94179658	C|A	1	ARHGAP29	NM_001328667	9411	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr1:94179658:C/A:1	chr1	94179658	C|A	1	ARHGAP29	NM_004815	9411	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr1:102962717:G/T:1	chr1	102962717	G|T	1	COL11A1	NM_001190709	1301	coding	3161	2843	948	P>H	nonsyn	None	MEPWSSRWKTKRWLWDFTVTTLALTFLFQAREVRGAAPVDVLKALDFHNSPEGISKTTGFCTNRKNSKGSDTAYRVSKQAQLSAPTKQLFPGGTFPEDFSILFTVKPKKGIQSFLLSIYNEHGIQQIGVEVGRSPVFLFEDHTGKPAPEDYPLFRTVNIADGKWHRVAISVEKKTVTMIVDCKKKTTKPLDRSERAIVDTNGITVFGTRILDEEVFEGDIQQFLITGDPKAAYDYCEHYSPDCDSSAPKAAQAQEPQIDEANIVDDFQEYNYGTMESYQTEAPRHVSGTNEPNPVEEIFTEEYLTGEDYDSQRKNSEDTLYENKEIDGRDSDLLVDGDLGEYDFYEYKEYEDKPTSPPNEEFGPGVPAETDITETSINGHGAYGEKGQKGEPAVVEPGMLVEGPPGPAGPAGIMGPPGLQGPTGPPGDPGDRGPPGRPGLPGADGLPGPPGTMLMLPFRYGGDGSKGPTISAQEAQAQAILQQARIALRGPPGPMGLTGRPGPVGGPGSSGAKGESGDPGPQGPRGVQGPPGPTGKPGKRGRPGADGGRGMPGEPGAKGDRGFDGLPGLPGDKGHRGERGPQGPPGPPGDDGMRGEDGEIGPRGLPGEAGPRGLLGPRGTPGAPGQPGMAGVDGPPGPKGNMGPQGEPGPPGQQGNPGPQGLPGPQGPIGPPGEKGPQGKPGLAGLPGADGPPGHPGKEGQSGEKGALGPPGPQGPIGYPGPRGVKGADGVRGLKGSKGEKGEDGFPGFKGDMGLKGDRGEVGQIGPRGEDGPEGPKGRAGPTGDPGPSGQAGEKGKLGVPGLPGYPGRQGPKGSTGFPGFPGANGEKGARGVAGKPGPRGQRGPTGPRGSRGARGPTGKPGPKGTSGGDGPPGPPGERGPQGPQGPVGFPGPKGPPGPPGKDGLPGHPGQRGETGFQGKTGPPGPGGVVGPQGPTGETGPIGERGHPGPPGPPGEQGLPGAAGKEGAKGDPGPQGISGKDGPAGLRGFPGERGLPGAQGAPGLKGGEGPQGPPGPVGSPGERGSAGTAGPIGLPGRPGPQGPPGPAGEKGAPGEKGPQGPAGRDGVQGPVGLPGPAGPAGSPGEDGDKGEIGEPGQKGSKGDKGENGPPGPPGLQGPVGAPGIAGGDGEPGPRGQQGMFGQKGDEGARGFPGPPGPIGLQGLPGPPGEKGENGDVGPMGPPGPPGPRGPQGPNGADGPQGPPGSVGSVGGVGEKGEPGEAGNPGPPGEAGVGGPKGERGEKGEAGPPGAAGPPGAKGPPGDDGPKGNPGPVGFPGDPGPPGEPGPAGQDGVGGDKGEDGDPGQPGPPGPSGEAGPPGPPGKRGPPGAAGAEGRQGEKGAKGEAGAEGPPGKTGPVGPQGPAGKPGPEGLRGIPGPVGEQGLPGAAGQDGPPGPMGPPGLPGLKGDPGSKGEKGHPGLIGLIGPPGEQGEKGDRGLPGTQGSPGAKGDGGIPGPAGPLGPPGPPGLPGPQGPKGNKGSTGPAGQKGDSGLPGPPGSPGPPGEVIQPLPILSSKKTRRHTEGMQADADDNILDYSDGMEEIFGSLNSLKQDIEHMKFPMGTQTNPARTCKDLQLSHPDFPDGEYWIDPNQGCSGDSFKVYCNFTSGGETCIYPDKKSEGVRISSWPKEKPGSWFSEFKRGKLLSYLDVEGNSINMVQMTFLKLLTASARQNFTYHCHQSAAWYDVSSGSYDKALRFLGSNDEEMSYDNNPFIKTLYDGCASRKGYEKTVIEINTPKIDQVPIVDVMINDFGDQNQKFGFEVGPVCFLG*|MEPWSSRWKTKRWLWDFTVTTLALTFLFQAREVRGAAPVDVLKALDFHNSPEGISKTTGFCTNRKNSKGSDTAYRVSKQAQLSAPTKQLFPGGTFPEDFSILFTVKPKKGIQSFLLSIYNEHGIQQIGVEVGRSPVFLFEDHTGKPAPEDYPLFRTVNIADGKWHRVAISVEKKTVTMIVDCKKKTTKPLDRSERAIVDTNGITVFGTRILDEEVFEGDIQQFLITGDPKAAYDYCEHYSPDCDSSAPKAAQAQEPQIDEANIVDDFQEYNYGTMESYQTEAPRHVSGTNEPNPVEEIFTEEYLTGEDYDSQRKNSEDTLYENKEIDGRDSDLLVDGDLGEYDFYEYKEYEDKPTSPPNEEFGPGVPAETDITETSINGHGAYGEKGQKGEPAVVEPGMLVEGPPGPAGPAGIMGPPGLQGPTGPPGDPGDRGPPGRPGLPGADGLPGPPGTMLMLPFRYGGDGSKGPTISAQEAQAQAILQQARIALRGPPGPMGLTGRPGPVGGPGSSGAKGESGDPGPQGPRGVQGPPGPTGKPGKRGRPGADGGRGMPGEPGAKGDRGFDGLPGLPGDKGHRGERGPQGPPGPPGDDGMRGEDGEIGPRGLPGEAGPRGLLGPRGTPGAPGQPGMAGVDGPPGPKGNMGPQGEPGPPGQQGNPGPQGLPGPQGPIGPPGEKGPQGKPGLAGLPGADGPPGHPGKEGQSGEKGALGPPGPQGPIGYPGPRGVKGADGVRGLKGSKGEKGEDGFPGFKGDMGLKGDRGEVGQIGPRGEDGPEGPKGRAGPTGDPGPSGQAGEKGKLGVPGLPGYPGRQGPKGSTGFPGFPGANGEKGARGVAGKPGPRGQRGPTGPRGSRGARGPTGKPGPKGTSGGDGPPGPPGERGPQGPQGPVGFPGPKGPPGPPGKDGLPGHPGQRGETGFQGKTGPPGPGGVVGPQGPTGETGPIGERGHHGPPGPPGEQGLPGAAGKEGAKGDPGPQGISGKDGPAGLRGFPGERGLPGAQGAPGLKGGEGPQGPPGPVGSPGERGSAGTAGPIGLPGRPGPQGPPGPAGEKGAPGEKGPQGPAGRDGVQGPVGLPGPAGPAGSPGEDGDKGEIGEPGQKGSKGDKGENGPPGPPGLQGPVGAPGIAGGDGEPGPRGQQGMFGQKGDEGARGFPGPPGPIGLQGLPGPPGEKGENGDVGPMGPPGPPGPRGPQGPNGADGPQGPPGSVGSVGGVGEKGEPGEAGNPGPPGEAGVGGPKGERGEKGEAGPPGAAGPPGAKGPPGDDGPKGNPGPVGFPGDPGPPGEPGPAGQDGVGGDKGEDGDPGQPGPPGPSGEAGPPGPPGKRGPPGAAGAEGRQGEKGAKGEAGAEGPPGKTGPVGPQGPAGKPGPEGLRGIPGPVGEQGLPGAAGQDGPPGPMGPPGLPGLKGDPGSKGEKGHPGLIGLIGPPGEQGEKGDRGLPGTQGSPGAKGDGGIPGPAGPLGPPGPPGLPGPQGPKGNKGSTGPAGQKGDSGLPGPPGSPGPPGEVIQPLPILSSKKTRRHTEGMQADADDNILDYSDGMEEIFGSLNSLKQDIEHMKFPMGTQTNPARTCKDLQLSHPDFPDGEYWIDPNQGCSGDSFKVYCNFTSGGETCIYPDKKSEGVRISSWPKEKPGSWFSEFKRGKLLSYLDVEGNSINMVQMTFLKLLTASARQNFTYHCHQSAAWYDVSSGSYDKALRFLGSNDEEMSYDNNPFIKTLYDGCASRKGYEKTVIEINTPKIDQVPIVDVMINDFGDQNQKFGFEVGPVCFLG*
chr1:102962717:G/T:1	chr1	102962717	G|T	1	COL11A1	NM_001854	1301	coding	3304	2960	987	P>H	nonsyn	None	MEPWSSRWKTKRWLWDFTVTTLALTFLFQAREVRGAAPVDVLKALDFHNSPEGISKTTGFCTNRKNSKGSDTAYRVSKQAQLSAPTKQLFPGGTFPEDFSILFTVKPKKGIQSFLLSIYNEHGIQQIGVEVGRSPVFLFEDHTGKPAPEDYPLFRTVNIADGKWHRVAISVEKKTVTMIVDCKKKTTKPLDRSERAIVDTNGITVFGTRILDEEVFEGDIQQFLITGDPKAAYDYCEHYSPDCDSSAPKAAQAQEPQIDEYAPEDIIEYDYEYGEAEYKEAESVTEGPTVTEETIAQTEANIVDDFQEYNYGTMESYQTEAPRHVSGTNEPNPVEEIFTEEYLTGEDYDSQRKNSEDTLYENKEIDGRDSDLLVDGDLGEYDFYEYKEYEDKPTSPPNEEFGPGVPAETDITETSINGHGAYGEKGQKGEPAVVEPGMLVEGPPGPAGPAGIMGPPGLQGPTGPPGDPGDRGPPGRPGLPGADGLPGPPGTMLMLPFRYGGDGSKGPTISAQEAQAQAILQQARIALRGPPGPMGLTGRPGPVGGPGSSGAKGESGDPGPQGPRGVQGPPGPTGKPGKRGRPGADGGRGMPGEPGAKGDRGFDGLPGLPGDKGHRGERGPQGPPGPPGDDGMRGEDGEIGPRGLPGEAGPRGLLGPRGTPGAPGQPGMAGVDGPPGPKGNMGPQGEPGPPGQQGNPGPQGLPGPQGPIGPPGEKGPQGKPGLAGLPGADGPPGHPGKEGQSGEKGALGPPGPQGPIGYPGPRGVKGADGVRGLKGSKGEKGEDGFPGFKGDMGLKGDRGEVGQIGPRGEDGPEGPKGRAGPTGDPGPSGQAGEKGKLGVPGLPGYPGRQGPKGSTGFPGFPGANGEKGARGVAGKPGPRGQRGPTGPRGSRGARGPTGKPGPKGTSGGDGPPGPPGERGPQGPQGPVGFPGPKGPPGPPGKDGLPGHPGQRGETGFQGKTGPPGPGGVVGPQGPTGETGPIGERGHPGPPGPPGEQGLPGAAGKEGAKGDPGPQGISGKDGPAGLRGFPGERGLPGAQGAPGLKGGEGPQGPPGPVGSPGERGSAGTAGPIGLPGRPGPQGPPGPAGEKGAPGEKGPQGPAGRDGVQGPVGLPGPAGPAGSPGEDGDKGEIGEPGQKGSKGDKGENGPPGPPGLQGPVGAPGIAGGDGEPGPRGQQGMFGQKGDEGARGFPGPPGPIGLQGLPGPPGEKGENGDVGPMGPPGPPGPRGPQGPNGADGPQGPPGSVGSVGGVGEKGEPGEAGNPGPPGEAGVGGPKGERGEKGEAGPPGAAGPPGAKGPPGDDGPKGNPGPVGFPGDPGPPGEPGPAGQDGVGGDKGEDGDPGQPGPPGPSGEAGPPGPPGKRGPPGAAGAEGRQGEKGAKGEAGAEGPPGKTGPVGPQGPAGKPGPEGLRGIPGPVGEQGLPGAAGQDGPPGPMGPPGLPGLKGDPGSKGEKGHPGLIGLIGPPGEQGEKGDRGLPGTQGSPGAKGDGGIPGPAGPLGPPGPPGLPGPQGPKGNKGSTGPAGQKGDSGLPGPPGSPGPPGEVIQPLPILSSKKTRRHTEGMQADADDNILDYSDGMEEIFGSLNSLKQDIEHMKFPMGTQTNPARTCKDLQLSHPDFPDGEYWIDPNQGCSGDSFKVYCNFTSGGETCIYPDKKSEGVRISSWPKEKPGSWFSEFKRGKLLSYLDVEGNSINMVQMTFLKLLTASARQNFTYHCHQSAAWYDVSSGSYDKALRFLGSNDEEMSYDNNPFIKTLYDGCASRKGYEKTVIEINTPKIDQVPIVDVMINDFGDQNQKFGFEVGPVCFLG*|MEPWSSRWKTKRWLWDFTVTTLALTFLFQAREVRGAAPVDVLKALDFHNSPEGISKTTGFCTNRKNSKGSDTAYRVSKQAQLSAPTKQLFPGGTFPEDFSILFTVKPKKGIQSFLLSIYNEHGIQQIGVEVGRSPVFLFEDHTGKPAPEDYPLFRTVNIADGKWHRVAISVEKKTVTMIVDCKKKTTKPLDRSERAIVDTNGITVFGTRILDEEVFEGDIQQFLITGDPKAAYDYCEHYSPDCDSSAPKAAQAQEPQIDEYAPEDIIEYDYEYGEAEYKEAESVTEGPTVTEETIAQTEANIVDDFQEYNYGTMESYQTEAPRHVSGTNEPNPVEEIFTEEYLTGEDYDSQRKNSEDTLYENKEIDGRDSDLLVDGDLGEYDFYEYKEYEDKPTSPPNEEFGPGVPAETDITETSINGHGAYGEKGQKGEPAVVEPGMLVEGPPGPAGPAGIMGPPGLQGPTGPPGDPGDRGPPGRPGLPGADGLPGPPGTMLMLPFRYGGDGSKGPTISAQEAQAQAILQQARIALRGPPGPMGLTGRPGPVGGPGSSGAKGESGDPGPQGPRGVQGPPGPTGKPGKRGRPGADGGRGMPGEPGAKGDRGFDGLPGLPGDKGHRGERGPQGPPGPPGDDGMRGEDGEIGPRGLPGEAGPRGLLGPRGTPGAPGQPGMAGVDGPPGPKGNMGPQGEPGPPGQQGNPGPQGLPGPQGPIGPPGEKGPQGKPGLAGLPGADGPPGHPGKEGQSGEKGALGPPGPQGPIGYPGPRGVKGADGVRGLKGSKGEKGEDGFPGFKGDMGLKGDRGEVGQIGPRGEDGPEGPKGRAGPTGDPGPSGQAGEKGKLGVPGLPGYPGRQGPKGSTGFPGFPGANGEKGARGVAGKPGPRGQRGPTGPRGSRGARGPTGKPGPKGTSGGDGPPGPPGERGPQGPQGPVGFPGPKGPPGPPGKDGLPGHPGQRGETGFQGKTGPPGPGGVVGPQGPTGETGPIGERGHHGPPGPPGEQGLPGAAGKEGAKGDPGPQGISGKDGPAGLRGFPGERGLPGAQGAPGLKGGEGPQGPPGPVGSPGERGSAGTAGPIGLPGRPGPQGPPGPAGEKGAPGEKGPQGPAGRDGVQGPVGLPGPAGPAGSPGEDGDKGEIGEPGQKGSKGDKGENGPPGPPGLQGPVGAPGIAGGDGEPGPRGQQGMFGQKGDEGARGFPGPPGPIGLQGLPGPPGEKGENGDVGPMGPPGPPGPRGPQGPNGADGPQGPPGSVGSVGGVGEKGEPGEAGNPGPPGEAGVGGPKGERGEKGEAGPPGAAGPPGAKGPPGDDGPKGNPGPVGFPGDPGPPGEPGPAGQDGVGGDKGEDGDPGQPGPPGPSGEAGPPGPPGKRGPPGAAGAEGRQGEKGAKGEAGAEGPPGKTGPVGPQGPAGKPGPEGLRGIPGPVGEQGLPGAAGQDGPPGPMGPPGLPGLKGDPGSKGEKGHPGLIGLIGPPGEQGEKGDRGLPGTQGSPGAKGDGGIPGPAGPLGPPGPPGLPGPQGPKGNKGSTGPAGQKGDSGLPGPPGSPGPPGEVIQPLPILSSKKTRRHTEGMQADADDNILDYSDGMEEIFGSLNSLKQDIEHMKFPMGTQTNPARTCKDLQLSHPDFPDGEYWIDPNQGCSGDSFKVYCNFTSGGETCIYPDKKSEGVRISSWPKEKPGSWFSEFKRGKLLSYLDVEGNSINMVQMTFLKLLTASARQNFTYHCHQSAAWYDVSSGSYDKALRFLGSNDEEMSYDNNPFIKTLYDGCASRKGYEKTVIEINTPKIDQVPIVDVMINDFGDQNQKFGFEVGPVCFLG*
chr1:102962717:G/T:1	chr1	102962717	G|T	1	COL11A1	NM_080629	1301	coding	3314	2996	999	P>H	nonsyn	None	MEPWSSRWKTKRWLWDFTVTTLALTFLFQAREVRGAAPVDVLKALDFHNSPEGISKTTGFCTNRKNSKGSDTAYRVSKQAQLSAPTKQLFPGGTFPEDFSILFTVKPKKGIQSFLLSIYNEHGIQQIGVEVGRSPVFLFEDHTGKPAPEDYPLFRTVNIADGKWHRVAISVEKKTVTMIVDCKKKTTKPLDRSERAIVDTNGITVFGTRILDEEVFEGDIQQFLITGDPKAAYDYCEHYSPDCDSSAPKAAQAQEPQIDEKKKSNFKKKMRTVATKSKEKSKKFTPPKSEKFSSKKKKSYQASAKAKLGVKANIVDDFQEYNYGTMESYQTEAPRHVSGTNEPNPVEEIFTEEYLTGEDYDSQRKNSEDTLYENKEIDGRDSDLLVDGDLGEYDFYEYKEYEDKPTSPPNEEFGPGVPAETDITETSINGHGAYGEKGQKGEPAVVEPGMLVEGPPGPAGPAGIMGPPGLQGPTGPPGDPGDRGPPGRPGLPGADGLPGPPGTMLMLPFRYGGDGSKGPTISAQEAQAQAILQQARIALRGPPGPMGLTGRPGPVGGPGSSGAKGESGDPGPQGPRGVQGPPGPTGKPGKRGRPGADGGRGMPGEPGAKGDRGFDGLPGLPGDKGHRGERGPQGPPGPPGDDGMRGEDGEIGPRGLPGEAGPRGLLGPRGTPGAPGQPGMAGVDGPPGPKGNMGPQGEPGPPGQQGNPGPQGLPGPQGPIGPPGEKGPQGKPGLAGLPGADGPPGHPGKEGQSGEKGALGPPGPQGPIGYPGPRGVKGADGVRGLKGSKGEKGEDGFPGFKGDMGLKGDRGEVGQIGPRGEDGPEGPKGRAGPTGDPGPSGQAGEKGKLGVPGLPGYPGRQGPKGSTGFPGFPGANGEKGARGVAGKPGPRGQRGPTGPRGSRGARGPTGKPGPKGTSGGDGPPGPPGERGPQGPQGPVGFPGPKGPPGPPGKDGLPGHPGQRGETGFQGKTGPPGPGGVVGPQGPTGETGPIGERGHPGPPGPPGEQGLPGAAGKEGAKGDPGPQGISGKDGPAGLRGFPGERGLPGAQGAPGLKGGEGPQGPPGPVGSPGERGSAGTAGPIGLPGRPGPQGPPGPAGEKGAPGEKGPQGPAGRDGVQGPVGLPGPAGPAGSPGEDGDKGEIGEPGQKGSKGDKGENGPPGPPGLQGPVGAPGIAGGDGEPGPRGQQGMFGQKGDEGARGFPGPPGPIGLQGLPGPPGEKGENGDVGPMGPPGPPGPRGPQGPNGADGPQGPPGSVGSVGGVGEKGEPGEAGNPGPPGEAGVGGPKGERGEKGEAGPPGAAGPPGAKGPPGDDGPKGNPGPVGFPGDPGPPGEPGPAGQDGVGGDKGEDGDPGQPGPPGPSGEAGPPGPPGKRGPPGAAGAEGRQGEKGAKGEAGAEGPPGKTGPVGPQGPAGKPGPEGLRGIPGPVGEQGLPGAAGQDGPPGPMGPPGLPGLKGDPGSKGEKGHPGLIGLIGPPGEQGEKGDRGLPGTQGSPGAKGDGGIPGPAGPLGPPGPPGLPGPQGPKGNKGSTGPAGQKGDSGLPGPPGSPGPPGEVIQPLPILSSKKTRRHTEGMQADADDNILDYSDGMEEIFGSLNSLKQDIEHMKFPMGTQTNPARTCKDLQLSHPDFPDGEYWIDPNQGCSGDSFKVYCNFTSGGETCIYPDKKSEGVRISSWPKEKPGSWFSEFKRGKLLSYLDVEGNSINMVQMTFLKLLTASARQNFTYHCHQSAAWYDVSSGSYDKALRFLGSNDEEMSYDNNPFIKTLYDGCASRKGYEKTVIEINTPKIDQVPIVDVMINDFGDQNQKFGFEVGPVCFLG*|MEPWSSRWKTKRWLWDFTVTTLALTFLFQAREVRGAAPVDVLKALDFHNSPEGISKTTGFCTNRKNSKGSDTAYRVSKQAQLSAPTKQLFPGGTFPEDFSILFTVKPKKGIQSFLLSIYNEHGIQQIGVEVGRSPVFLFEDHTGKPAPEDYPLFRTVNIADGKWHRVAISVEKKTVTMIVDCKKKTTKPLDRSERAIVDTNGITVFGTRILDEEVFEGDIQQFLITGDPKAAYDYCEHYSPDCDSSAPKAAQAQEPQIDEKKKSNFKKKMRTVATKSKEKSKKFTPPKSEKFSSKKKKSYQASAKAKLGVKANIVDDFQEYNYGTMESYQTEAPRHVSGTNEPNPVEEIFTEEYLTGEDYDSQRKNSEDTLYENKEIDGRDSDLLVDGDLGEYDFYEYKEYEDKPTSPPNEEFGPGVPAETDITETSINGHGAYGEKGQKGEPAVVEPGMLVEGPPGPAGPAGIMGPPGLQGPTGPPGDPGDRGPPGRPGLPGADGLPGPPGTMLMLPFRYGGDGSKGPTISAQEAQAQAILQQARIALRGPPGPMGLTGRPGPVGGPGSSGAKGESGDPGPQGPRGVQGPPGPTGKPGKRGRPGADGGRGMPGEPGAKGDRGFDGLPGLPGDKGHRGERGPQGPPGPPGDDGMRGEDGEIGPRGLPGEAGPRGLLGPRGTPGAPGQPGMAGVDGPPGPKGNMGPQGEPGPPGQQGNPGPQGLPGPQGPIGPPGEKGPQGKPGLAGLPGADGPPGHPGKEGQSGEKGALGPPGPQGPIGYPGPRGVKGADGVRGLKGSKGEKGEDGFPGFKGDMGLKGDRGEVGQIGPRGEDGPEGPKGRAGPTGDPGPSGQAGEKGKLGVPGLPGYPGRQGPKGSTGFPGFPGANGEKGARGVAGKPGPRGQRGPTGPRGSRGARGPTGKPGPKGTSGGDGPPGPPGERGPQGPQGPVGFPGPKGPPGPPGKDGLPGHPGQRGETGFQGKTGPPGPGGVVGPQGPTGETGPIGERGHHGPPGPPGEQGLPGAAGKEGAKGDPGPQGISGKDGPAGLRGFPGERGLPGAQGAPGLKGGEGPQGPPGPVGSPGERGSAGTAGPIGLPGRPGPQGPPGPAGEKGAPGEKGPQGPAGRDGVQGPVGLPGPAGPAGSPGEDGDKGEIGEPGQKGSKGDKGENGPPGPPGLQGPVGAPGIAGGDGEPGPRGQQGMFGQKGDEGARGFPGPPGPIGLQGLPGPPGEKGENGDVGPMGPPGPPGPRGPQGPNGADGPQGPPGSVGSVGGVGEKGEPGEAGNPGPPGEAGVGGPKGERGEKGEAGPPGAAGPPGAKGPPGDDGPKGNPGPVGFPGDPGPPGEPGPAGQDGVGGDKGEDGDPGQPGPPGPSGEAGPPGPPGKRGPPGAAGAEGRQGEKGAKGEAGAEGPPGKTGPVGPQGPAGKPGPEGLRGIPGPVGEQGLPGAAGQDGPPGPMGPPGLPGLKGDPGSKGEKGHPGLIGLIGPPGEQGEKGDRGLPGTQGSPGAKGDGGIPGPAGPLGPPGPPGLPGPQGPKGNKGSTGPAGQKGDSGLPGPPGSPGPPGEVIQPLPILSSKKTRRHTEGMQADADDNILDYSDGMEEIFGSLNSLKQDIEHMKFPMGTQTNPARTCKDLQLSHPDFPDGEYWIDPNQGCSGDSFKVYCNFTSGGETCIYPDKKSEGVRISSWPKEKPGSWFSEFKRGKLLSYLDVEGNSINMVQMTFLKLLTASARQNFTYHCHQSAAWYDVSSGSYDKALRFLGSNDEEMSYDNNPFIKTLYDGCASRKGYEKTVIEINTPKIDQVPIVDVMINDFGDQNQKFGFEVGPVCFLG*
chr1:102962717:G/T:1	chr1	102962717	G|T	1	COL11A1	NM_080630	1301	coding	2930	2612	871	P>H	nonsyn	None	MEPWSSRWKTKRWLWDFTVTTLALTFLFQAREVRGAAPVDVLKALDFHNSPEGISKTTGFCTNRKNSKGSDTAYRVSKQAQLSAPTKQLFPGGTFPEDFSILFTVKPKKGIQSFLLSIYNEHGIQQIGVEVGRSPVFLFEDHTGKPAPEDYPLFRTVNIADGKWHRVAISVEKKTVTMIVDCKKKTTKPLDRSERAIVDTNGITVFGTRILDEEVFEGDIQQFLITGDPKAAYDYCEHYSPDCDSSAPKAAQAQEPQIDEYAPEDIIEYDYEYGEAEYKEAESVTEGPTVTEETIAQTEINGHGAYGEKGQKGEPAVVEPGMLVEGPPGPAGPAGIMGPPGLQGPTGPPGDPGDRGPPGRPGLPGADGLPGPPGTMLMLPFRYGGDGSKGPTISAQEAQAQAILQQARIALRGPPGPMGLTGRPGPVGGPGSSGAKGESGDPGPQGPRGVQGPPGPTGKPGKRGRPGADGGRGMPGEPGAKGDRGFDGLPGLPGDKGHRGERGPQGPPGPPGDDGMRGEDGEIGPRGLPGEAGPRGLLGPRGTPGAPGQPGMAGVDGPPGPKGNMGPQGEPGPPGQQGNPGPQGLPGPQGPIGPPGEKGPQGKPGLAGLPGADGPPGHPGKEGQSGEKGALGPPGPQGPIGYPGPRGVKGADGVRGLKGSKGEKGEDGFPGFKGDMGLKGDRGEVGQIGPRGEDGPEGPKGRAGPTGDPGPSGQAGEKGKLGVPGLPGYPGRQGPKGSTGFPGFPGANGEKGARGVAGKPGPRGQRGPTGPRGSRGARGPTGKPGPKGTSGGDGPPGPPGERGPQGPQGPVGFPGPKGPPGPPGKDGLPGHPGQRGETGFQGKTGPPGPGGVVGPQGPTGETGPIGERGHPGPPGPPGEQGLPGAAGKEGAKGDPGPQGISGKDGPAGLRGFPGERGLPGAQGAPGLKGGEGPQGPPGPVGSPGERGSAGTAGPIGLPGRPGPQGPPGPAGEKGAPGEKGPQGPAGRDGVQGPVGLPGPAGPAGSPGEDGDKGEIGEPGQKGSKGDKGENGPPGPPGLQGPVGAPGIAGGDGEPGPRGQQGMFGQKGDEGARGFPGPPGPIGLQGLPGPPGEKGENGDVGPMGPPGPPGPRGPQGPNGADGPQGPPGSVGSVGGVGEKGEPGEAGNPGPPGEAGVGGPKGERGEKGEAGPPGAAGPPGAKGPPGDDGPKGNPGPVGFPGDPGPPGEPGPAGQDGVGGDKGEDGDPGQPGPPGPSGEAGPPGPPGKRGPPGAAGAEGRQGEKGAKGEAGAEGPPGKTGPVGPQGPAGKPGPEGLRGIPGPVGEQGLPGAAGQDGPPGPMGPPGLPGLKGDPGSKGEKGHPGLIGLIGPPGEQGEKGDRGLPGTQGSPGAKGDGGIPGPAGPLGPPGPPGLPGPQGPKGNKGSTGPAGQKGDSGLPGPPGSPGPPGEVIQPLPILSSKKTRRHTEGMQADADDNILDYSDGMEEIFGSLNSLKQDIEHMKFPMGTQTNPARTCKDLQLSHPDFPDGEYWIDPNQGCSGDSFKVYCNFTSGGETCIYPDKKSEGVRISSWPKEKPGSWFSEFKRGKLLSYLDVEGNSINMVQMTFLKLLTASARQNFTYHCHQSAAWYDVSSGSYDKALRFLGSNDEEMSYDNNPFIKTLYDGCASRKGYEKTVIEINTPKIDQVPIVDVMINDFGDQNQKFGFEVGPVCFLG*|MEPWSSRWKTKRWLWDFTVTTLALTFLFQAREVRGAAPVDVLKALDFHNSPEGISKTTGFCTNRKNSKGSDTAYRVSKQAQLSAPTKQLFPGGTFPEDFSILFTVKPKKGIQSFLLSIYNEHGIQQIGVEVGRSPVFLFEDHTGKPAPEDYPLFRTVNIADGKWHRVAISVEKKTVTMIVDCKKKTTKPLDRSERAIVDTNGITVFGTRILDEEVFEGDIQQFLITGDPKAAYDYCEHYSPDCDSSAPKAAQAQEPQIDEYAPEDIIEYDYEYGEAEYKEAESVTEGPTVTEETIAQTEINGHGAYGEKGQKGEPAVVEPGMLVEGPPGPAGPAGIMGPPGLQGPTGPPGDPGDRGPPGRPGLPGADGLPGPPGTMLMLPFRYGGDGSKGPTISAQEAQAQAILQQARIALRGPPGPMGLTGRPGPVGGPGSSGAKGESGDPGPQGPRGVQGPPGPTGKPGKRGRPGADGGRGMPGEPGAKGDRGFDGLPGLPGDKGHRGERGPQGPPGPPGDDGMRGEDGEIGPRGLPGEAGPRGLLGPRGTPGAPGQPGMAGVDGPPGPKGNMGPQGEPGPPGQQGNPGPQGLPGPQGPIGPPGEKGPQGKPGLAGLPGADGPPGHPGKEGQSGEKGALGPPGPQGPIGYPGPRGVKGADGVRGLKGSKGEKGEDGFPGFKGDMGLKGDRGEVGQIGPRGEDGPEGPKGRAGPTGDPGPSGQAGEKGKLGVPGLPGYPGRQGPKGSTGFPGFPGANGEKGARGVAGKPGPRGQRGPTGPRGSRGARGPTGKPGPKGTSGGDGPPGPPGERGPQGPQGPVGFPGPKGPPGPPGKDGLPGHPGQRGETGFQGKTGPPGPGGVVGPQGPTGETGPIGERGHHGPPGPPGEQGLPGAAGKEGAKGDPGPQGISGKDGPAGLRGFPGERGLPGAQGAPGLKGGEGPQGPPGPVGSPGERGSAGTAGPIGLPGRPGPQGPPGPAGEKGAPGEKGPQGPAGRDGVQGPVGLPGPAGPAGSPGEDGDKGEIGEPGQKGSKGDKGENGPPGPPGLQGPVGAPGIAGGDGEPGPRGQQGMFGQKGDEGARGFPGPPGPIGLQGLPGPPGEKGENGDVGPMGPPGPPGPRGPQGPNGADGPQGPPGSVGSVGGVGEKGEPGEAGNPGPPGEAGVGGPKGERGEKGEAGPPGAAGPPGAKGPPGDDGPKGNPGPVGFPGDPGPPGEPGPAGQDGVGGDKGEDGDPGQPGPPGPSGEAGPPGPPGKRGPPGAAGAEGRQGEKGAKGEAGAEGPPGKTGPVGPQGPAGKPGPEGLRGIPGPVGEQGLPGAAGQDGPPGPMGPPGLPGLKGDPGSKGEKGHPGLIGLIGPPGEQGEKGDRGLPGTQGSPGAKGDGGIPGPAGPLGPPGPPGLPGPQGPKGNKGSTGPAGQKGDSGLPGPPGSPGPPGEVIQPLPILSSKKTRRHTEGMQADADDNILDYSDGMEEIFGSLNSLKQDIEHMKFPMGTQTNPARTCKDLQLSHPDFPDGEYWIDPNQGCSGDSFKVYCNFTSGGETCIYPDKKSEGVRISSWPKEKPGSWFSEFKRGKLLSYLDVEGNSINMVQMTFLKLLTASARQNFTYHCHQSAAWYDVSSGSYDKALRFLGSNDEEMSYDNNPFIKTLYDGCASRKGYEKTVIEINTPKIDQVPIVDVMINDFGDQNQKFGFEVGPVCFLG*
chr1:102962717:G/T:1	chr1	102962717	G|T	1	COL11A1	NR_134980	1301	non-coding	3294	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:109271097:C/T:1	chr1	109271097	C|T	1	CELSR2	NM_001408	1952	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58	None
chr1:110051172:G/T:1	chr1	110051172	G|T	1	STRIP1	NM_001270768	85369	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	112	None
chr1:110051172:G/T:1	chr1	110051172	G|T	1	STRIP1	NM_033088	85369	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	112	None
chr1:110051172:G/T:1	chr1	110051172	G|T	1	STRIP1	NR_073071	85369	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	112	None
chr1:112723830:G/A:1	chr1	112723830	G|A	1	TAFA3	NM_001004440	284467	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	115	None
chr1:112723830:G/A:1	chr1	112723830	G|A	1	TAFA3	NM_182759	284467	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	183	None
chr1:119721477:C/G:1	chr1	119721477	C|G	1	PHGDH	NM_006623	26227	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	156	None
chr1:121118165:G/T:1	chr1	121118165	G|T	1	HIST2H3DP1	NR_160940	106479023	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29	None
chr1:121118165:G/T:1	chr1	121118165	G|T	1	HIST2H3DP1	NR_160941	106479023	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29	None
chr1:121118165:G/T:1	chr1	121118165	G|T	1	HIST2H2BA	NR_027337	337875	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:121118165:G/T:1	chr1	121118165	G|T	1	HIST2H2BA	NR_160942	337875	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:121118165:G/T:1	chr1	121118165	G|T	1	HIST2H2BA	NR_160944	337875	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:121118165:G/T:1	chr1	121118165	G|T	1	HIST2H3DP1	NR_160943	106479023	non-coding	462	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:145895756:C/T:1	chr1	145895756	C|T	1	ITGA10	NM_001303040	8515	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr1:145895756:C/T:1	chr1	145895756	C|T	1	ITGA10	NM_001303041	8515	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr1:145895756:C/T:1	chr1	145895756	C|T	1	ITGA10	NM_003637	8515	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr1:145909820:C/A:1	chr1	145909820	C|A	1	ITGA10	NM_001303041	8515	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr1:145909820:C/A:1	chr1	145909820	C|A	1	ITGA10	NM_001303040	8515	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr1:145909820:C/A:1	chr1	145909820	C|A	1	ITGA10	NM_003637	8515	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr1:145909820:C/A:1	chr1	145909820	C|A	1	PEX11B	NM_001184795	8799	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:145909820:C/A:1	chr1	145909820	C|A	1	PEX11B	NR_073491	8799	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:145909820:C/A:1	chr1	145909820	C|A	1	PEX11B	NR_073492	8799	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:145909820:C/A:1	chr1	145909820	C|A	1	PEX11B	NR_073493	8799	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:145909820:C/A:1	chr1	145909820	C|A	1	PEX11B	NM_003846	8799	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:146084055:T/A:1	chr1	146084055	T|A	1	NBPF10	NM_001039703	100132406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	146	None
chr1:146084055:T/A:1	chr1	146084055	T|A	1	NBPF10	NM_001302371	100132406	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	146	None
chr1:146766178:C/T:1	chr1	146766178	C|T	1	HYDIN2	NR_103556	100288805	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4123	None
chr1:147172001:G/A:1	chr1	147172001	G|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001348451	9557	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:147172001:G/A:1	chr1	147172001	G|A	1	PRKAB2	NM_005399	5565	coding	209	144	48	L>L	syn	None	MGNTTSDRVSGERHGAKAARSEGAGGHAPGKEHKIMVGSTDDPSVFSLPDSKLPGDKEFVSWQQDLEDSVKPTQQARPTVIRWSEGGKEVFISGSFNNWSTKIPLIKSHNDFVAILDLPEGEHQYKFFVDGQWVHDPSEPVVTSQLGTINNLIHVKKSDFEVFDALKLDSMESSETSCRDLSSSPPGPYGQEMYAFRSEERFKSPPILPPHLLQVILNKDTNISCDPALLPEPNHVMLNHLYALSIKDSVMVLSATHRYKKKYVTTLLYKPI*
chr1:147172001:G/A:1	chr1	147172001	G|A	1	PRKAB2	NR_103870	5565	non-coding	328	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:147172001:G/A:1	chr1	147172001	G|A	1	PRKAB2	NR_103871	5565	non-coding	328	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NR_145686	9557	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1118	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NR_145688	9557	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1118	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NR_145689	9557	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1118	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NR_145690	9557	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1118	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NR_145692	9557	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1118	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NR_145693	9557	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1118	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NR_145694	9557	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1118	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NR_145695	9557	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1118	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NR_046070	9557	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2175	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NR_145687	9557	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2175	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001256336	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001256337	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001256338	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001348451	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001348452	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001348453	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001348454	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001348455	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001348456	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001348457	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001348458	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001348459	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001348460	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001348461	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001348462	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001348463	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001348464	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001348465	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_001348466	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_004284	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NM_024568	9557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NR_145691	9557	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NR_145681	9557	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1118	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NR_145682	9557	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1118	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NR_145683	9557	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1118	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NR_145684	9557	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1118	None
chr1:147271053:C/A:1	chr1	147271053	C|A	1	CHD1L	NR_145685	9557	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1118	None
chr1:151707424:C/T:1	chr1	151707424	C|T	1	CELF3	NM_001172649	11189	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	83	None
chr1:151707424:C/T:1	chr1	151707424	C|T	1	CELF3	NM_001172648	11189	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	83	None
chr1:151707424:C/T:1	chr1	151707424	C|T	1	CELF3	NM_001291106	11189	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	83	None
chr1:151707424:C/T:1	chr1	151707424	C|T	1	CELF3	NM_001291107	11189	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	83	None
chr1:151707424:C/T:1	chr1	151707424	C|T	1	CELF3	NM_007185	11189	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	83	None
chr1:151710027:G/A:1	chr1	151710027	G|A	1	CELF3	NM_001172648	11189	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	236	None
chr1:151710027:G/A:1	chr1	151710027	G|A	1	CELF3	NM_001172649	11189	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	236	None
chr1:151710027:G/A:1	chr1	151710027	G|A	1	CELF3	NM_001291106	11189	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	236	None
chr1:151710027:G/A:1	chr1	151710027	G|A	1	CELF3	NM_001291107	11189	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	236	None
chr1:151710027:G/A:1	chr1	151710027	G|A	1	CELF3	NM_007185	11189	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	236	None
chr1:153419515:C/A:1	chr1	153419515	C|A	1	S100A8	NM_001319198	6279	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3003	None
chr1:153419515:C/A:1	chr1	153419515	C|A	1	S100A7A	NM_176823	338324	3utr	573	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:153763739:C/A:1	chr1	153763739	C|A	1	INTS3	NM_001324475	65123	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr1:153763739:C/A:1	chr1	153763739	C|A	1	INTS3	NM_023015	65123	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr1:153770813:C/G:1	chr1	153770813	C|G	1	INTS3	NM_001324475	65123	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr1:153770813:C/G:1	chr1	153770813	C|G	1	INTS3	NM_023015	65123	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr1:154264985:C/A:1	chr1	154264985	C|A	1	UBAP2L	NM_001287816	9898	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1516	None
chr1:154264985:C/A:1	chr1	154264985	C|A	1	UBAP2L	NM_001330730	9898	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1516	None
chr1:154264985:C/A:1	chr1	154264985	C|A	1	UBAP2L	NM_014847	9898	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1516	None
chr1:154264985:C/A:1	chr1	154264985	C|A	1	UBAP2L	NM_001127320	9898	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:154264985:C/A:1	chr1	154264985	C|A	1	UBAP2L	NM_001287815	9898	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:156051018:C/A:1	chr1	156051018	C|A	1	UBQLN4	NM_020131	56893	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	92	None
chr1:156051018:C/A:1	chr1	156051018	C|A	1	UBQLN4	NM_001304342	56893	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	152	None
chr1:156650224:G/T:1	chr1	156650224	G|T	1	BCAN	NM_021948	63827	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1232	None
chr1:156650224:G/T:1	chr1	156650224	G|T	1	BCAN	NM_198427	63827	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1232	None
chr1:156652083:T/G:1	chr1	156652083	T|G	1	BCAN	NM_021948	63827	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr1:156652083:T/G:1	chr1	156652083	T|G	1	BCAN	NM_198427	63827	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr1:156913754:A/G:1	chr1	156913754	A|G	1	PEAR1	NM_001080471	375033	coding	2823	2707	903	N>D	nonsyn	None	MSPPLCPLLLLAVGLRLAGTLNPSDPNTCSFWESFTTTTKESHSRPFSLLPSEPCERPWEGPHTCPQPTVVYRTVYRQVVKTDHRQRLQCCHGFYESRGFCVPLCAQECVHGRCVAPNQCQCVPGWRGDDCSSECAPGMWGPQCDKPCSCGNNSSCDPKSGVCSCPSGLQPPNCLQPCTPGYYGPACQFRCQCHGAPCDPQTGACFCPAERTGPSCDVSCSQGTSGFFCPSTHSCQNGGVFQTPQGSCSCPPGWMGTICSLPCPEGFHGPNCSQECRCHNGGLCDRFTGQCRCAPGYTGDRCREECPVGRFGQDCAETCDCAPDARCFPANGACLCEHGFTGDRCTDRLCPDGFYGLSCQAPCTCDREHSLSCHPMNGECSCLPGWAGLHCNESCPQDTHGPGCQEHCLCLHGGVCQATSGLCQCAPGYTGPHCASLCPPDTYGVNCSARCSCENAIACSPIDGECVCKEGWQRGNCSVPCPPGTWGFSCNASCQCAHEAVCSPQTGACTCTPGWHGAHCQLPCPKGQFGEGCASRCDCDHSDGCDPVHGRCQCQAGWMGARCHLSCPEGLWGVNCSNTCTCKNGGTCLPENGNCVCAPGFRGPSCQRSCQPGRYGKRCVPCKCANHSFCHPSNGTCYCLAGWTGPDCSQPCPPGHWGENCAQTCQCHHGGTCHPQDGSCICPLGWTGHHCLEGCPLGTFGANCSQPCQCGPGEKCHPETGACVCPPGHSGAPCRIGIQEPFTVMPTTPVAYNSLGAVIGIAVLGSLVVALVALFIGYRHWQKGKEHHHLAVAYSSGRLDGSEYVMPDVPPSYSHYYSNPSYHTLSQCSPNPPPPNKVPGPLFASLQNPERPGGAQGHDNHTTLPADWKHRREPPPGPLDRGSSRLDRSYSYSYSNGPGPFYNKGLISEEELGASVASLSSENPYATIRDLPSLPGGPRESSYMEMKGPPSGSPPRQPPQFWDSQRRRQPQPQRDSGTYEQPSPLIHDRDSVGSQPPLPPGLPPGHYDSPKNSHIPGHYDLPPVRHPPSPPLRRQDR*|MSPPLCPLLLLAVGLRLAGTLNPSDPNTCSFWESFTTTTKESHSRPFSLLPSEPCERPWEGPHTCPQPTVVYRTVYRQVVKTDHRQRLQCCHGFYESRGFCVPLCAQECVHGRCVAPNQCQCVPGWRGDDCSSECAPGMWGPQCDKPCSCGNNSSCDPKSGVCSCPSGLQPPNCLQPCTPGYYGPACQFRCQCHGAPCDPQTGACFCPAERTGPSCDVSCSQGTSGFFCPSTHSCQNGGVFQTPQGSCSCPPGWMGTICSLPCPEGFHGPNCSQECRCHNGGLCDRFTGQCRCAPGYTGDRCREECPVGRFGQDCAETCDCAPDARCFPANGACLCEHGFTGDRCTDRLCPDGFYGLSCQAPCTCDREHSLSCHPMNGECSCLPGWAGLHCNESCPQDTHGPGCQEHCLCLHGGVCQATSGLCQCAPGYTGPHCASLCPPDTYGVNCSARCSCENAIACSPIDGECVCKEGWQRGNCSVPCPPGTWGFSCNASCQCAHEAVCSPQTGACTCTPGWHGAHCQLPCPKGQFGEGCASRCDCDHSDGCDPVHGRCQCQAGWMGARCHLSCPEGLWGVNCSNTCTCKNGGTCLPENGNCVCAPGFRGPSCQRSCQPGRYGKRCVPCKCANHSFCHPSNGTCYCLAGWTGPDCSQPCPPGHWGENCAQTCQCHHGGTCHPQDGSCICPLGWTGHHCLEGCPLGTFGANCSQPCQCGPGEKCHPETGACVCPPGHSGAPCRIGIQEPFTVMPTTPVAYNSLGAVIGIAVLGSLVVALVALFIGYRHWQKGKEHHHLAVAYSSGRLDGSEYVMPDVPPSYSHYYSNPSYHTLSQCSPNPPPPNKVPGPLFASLQNPERPGGAQGHDNHTTLPADWKHRREPPPGPLDRGSSRLDRSYSYSYSNGPGPFYDKGLISEEELGASVASLSSENPYATIRDLPSLPGGPRESSYMEMKGPPSGSPPRQPPQFWDSQRRRQPQPQRDSGTYEQPSPLIHDRDSVGSQPPLPPGLPPGHYDSPKNSHIPGHYDLPPVRHPPSPPLRRQDR*
chr1:156913754:A/G:1	chr1	156913754	A|G	1	PEAR1	NM_001353682	375033	coding	3002	2515	839	N>D	nonsyn	None	MVCVGVVYRTVYRQVVKTDHRQRLQCCHGFYESRGFCVPLCAQECVHGRCVAPNQCQCVPGWRGDDCSSECAPGMWGPQCDKPCSCGNNSSCDPKSGVCSCPSGLQPPNCLQPCTPGYYGPACQFRCQCHGAPCDPQTGACFCPAERTGPSCDVSCSQGTSGFFCPSTHSCQNGGVFQTPQGSCSCPPGWMGTICSLPCPEGFHGPNCSQECRCHNGGLCDRFTGQCRCAPGYTGDRCREECPVGRFGQDCAETCDCAPDARCFPANGACLCEHGFTGDRCTDRLCPDGFYGLSCQAPCTCDREHSLSCHPMNGECSCLPGWAGLHCNESCPQDTHGPGCQEHCLCLHGGVCQATSGLCQCAPGYTGPHCASLCPPDTYGVNCSARCSCENAIACSPIDGECVCKEGWQRGNCSVPCPPGTWGFSCNASCQCAHEAVCSPQTGACTCTPGWHGAHCQLPCPKGQFGEGCASRCDCDHSDGCDPVHGRCQCQAGWMGARCHLSCPEGLWGVNCSNTCTCKNGGTCLPENGNCVCAPGFRGPSCQRSCQPGRYGKRCVPCKCANHSFCHPSNGTCYCLAGWTGPDCSQPCPPGHWGENCAQTCQCHHGGTCHPQDGSCICPLGWTGHHCLEGCPLGTFGANCSQPCQCGPGEKCHPETGACVCPPGHSGAPCRIGIQEPFTVMPTTPVAYNSLGAVIGIAVLGSLVVALVALFIGYRHWQKGKEHHHLAVAYSSGRLDGSEYVMPDVPPSYSHYYSNPSYHTLSQCSPNPPPPNKVPGPLFASLQNPERPGGAQGHDNHTTLPADWKHRREPPPGPLDRGSSRLDRSYSYSYSNGPGPFYNKGLISEEELGASVASLSSENPYATIRDLPSLPGGPRESSYMEMKGPPSGSPPRQPPQFWDSQRRRQPQPQRDSGTYEQPSPLIHDRDSVGSQPPLPPGLPPGHYDSPKNSHIPGHYDLPPVRHPPSPPLRRQDR*|MVCVGVVYRTVYRQVVKTDHRQRLQCCHGFYESRGFCVPLCAQECVHGRCVAPNQCQCVPGWRGDDCSSECAPGMWGPQCDKPCSCGNNSSCDPKSGVCSCPSGLQPPNCLQPCTPGYYGPACQFRCQCHGAPCDPQTGACFCPAERTGPSCDVSCSQGTSGFFCPSTHSCQNGGVFQTPQGSCSCPPGWMGTICSLPCPEGFHGPNCSQECRCHNGGLCDRFTGQCRCAPGYTGDRCREECPVGRFGQDCAETCDCAPDARCFPANGACLCEHGFTGDRCTDRLCPDGFYGLSCQAPCTCDREHSLSCHPMNGECSCLPGWAGLHCNESCPQDTHGPGCQEHCLCLHGGVCQATSGLCQCAPGYTGPHCASLCPPDTYGVNCSARCSCENAIACSPIDGECVCKEGWQRGNCSVPCPPGTWGFSCNASCQCAHEAVCSPQTGACTCTPGWHGAHCQLPCPKGQFGEGCASRCDCDHSDGCDPVHGRCQCQAGWMGARCHLSCPEGLWGVNCSNTCTCKNGGTCLPENGNCVCAPGFRGPSCQRSCQPGRYGKRCVPCKCANHSFCHPSNGTCYCLAGWTGPDCSQPCPPGHWGENCAQTCQCHHGGTCHPQDGSCICPLGWTGHHCLEGCPLGTFGANCSQPCQCGPGEKCHPETGACVCPPGHSGAPCRIGIQEPFTVMPTTPVAYNSLGAVIGIAVLGSLVVALVALFIGYRHWQKGKEHHHLAVAYSSGRLDGSEYVMPDVPPSYSHYYSNPSYHTLSQCSPNPPPPNKVPGPLFASLQNPERPGGAQGHDNHTTLPADWKHRREPPPGPLDRGSSRLDRSYSYSYSNGPGPFYDKGLISEEELGASVASLSSENPYATIRDLPSLPGGPRESSYMEMKGPPSGSPPRQPPQFWDSQRRRQPQPQRDSGTYEQPSPLIHDRDSVGSQPPLPPGLPPGHYDSPKNSHIPGHYDLPPVRHPPSPPLRRQDR*
chr1:156913754:A/G:1	chr1	156913754	A|G	1	PEAR1	NM_001353683	375033	coding	3161	2515	839	N>D	nonsyn	None	MVCVGVVYRTVYRQVVKTDHRQRLQCCHGFYESRGFCVPLCAQECVHGRCVAPNQCQCVPGWRGDDCSSECAPGMWGPQCDKPCSCGNNSSCDPKSGVCSCPSGLQPPNCLQPCTPGYYGPACQFRCQCHGAPCDPQTGACFCPAERTGPSCDVSCSQGTSGFFCPSTHSCQNGGVFQTPQGSCSCPPGWMGTICSLPCPEGFHGPNCSQECRCHNGGLCDRFTGQCRCAPGYTGDRCREECPVGRFGQDCAETCDCAPDARCFPANGACLCEHGFTGDRCTDRLCPDGFYGLSCQAPCTCDREHSLSCHPMNGECSCLPGWAGLHCNESCPQDTHGPGCQEHCLCLHGGVCQATSGLCQCAPGYTGPHCASLCPPDTYGVNCSARCSCENAIACSPIDGECVCKEGWQRGNCSVPCPPGTWGFSCNASCQCAHEAVCSPQTGACTCTPGWHGAHCQLPCPKGQFGEGCASRCDCDHSDGCDPVHGRCQCQAGWMGARCHLSCPEGLWGVNCSNTCTCKNGGTCLPENGNCVCAPGFRGPSCQRSCQPGRYGKRCVPCKCANHSFCHPSNGTCYCLAGWTGPDCSQPCPPGHWGENCAQTCQCHHGGTCHPQDGSCICPLGWTGHHCLEGCPLGTFGANCSQPCQCGPGEKCHPETGACVCPPGHSGAPCRIGIQEPFTVMPTTPVAYNSLGAVIGIAVLGSLVVALVALFIGYRHWQKGKEHHHLAVAYSSGRLDGSEYVMPDVPPSYSHYYSNPSYHTLSQCSPNPPPPNKVPGPLFASLQNPERPGGAQGHDNHTTLPADWKHRREPPPGPLDRGSSRLDRSYSYSYSNGPGPFYNKGLISEEELGASVASLSSENPYATIRDLPSLPGGPRESSYMEMKGPPSGSPPRQPPQFWDSQRRRQPQPQRDSGTYEQPSPLIHDRDSVGSQPPLPPGLPPGHYDSPKNSHIPGHYDLPPVRHPPSPPLRRQDR*|MVCVGVVYRTVYRQVVKTDHRQRLQCCHGFYESRGFCVPLCAQECVHGRCVAPNQCQCVPGWRGDDCSSECAPGMWGPQCDKPCSCGNNSSCDPKSGVCSCPSGLQPPNCLQPCTPGYYGPACQFRCQCHGAPCDPQTGACFCPAERTGPSCDVSCSQGTSGFFCPSTHSCQNGGVFQTPQGSCSCPPGWMGTICSLPCPEGFHGPNCSQECRCHNGGLCDRFTGQCRCAPGYTGDRCREECPVGRFGQDCAETCDCAPDARCFPANGACLCEHGFTGDRCTDRLCPDGFYGLSCQAPCTCDREHSLSCHPMNGECSCLPGWAGLHCNESCPQDTHGPGCQEHCLCLHGGVCQATSGLCQCAPGYTGPHCASLCPPDTYGVNCSARCSCENAIACSPIDGECVCKEGWQRGNCSVPCPPGTWGFSCNASCQCAHEAVCSPQTGACTCTPGWHGAHCQLPCPKGQFGEGCASRCDCDHSDGCDPVHGRCQCQAGWMGARCHLSCPEGLWGVNCSNTCTCKNGGTCLPENGNCVCAPGFRGPSCQRSCQPGRYGKRCVPCKCANHSFCHPSNGTCYCLAGWTGPDCSQPCPPGHWGENCAQTCQCHHGGTCHPQDGSCICPLGWTGHHCLEGCPLGTFGANCSQPCQCGPGEKCHPETGACVCPPGHSGAPCRIGIQEPFTVMPTTPVAYNSLGAVIGIAVLGSLVVALVALFIGYRHWQKGKEHHHLAVAYSSGRLDGSEYVMPDVPPSYSHYYSNPSYHTLSQCSPNPPPPNKVPGPLFASLQNPERPGGAQGHDNHTTLPADWKHRREPPPGPLDRGSSRLDRSYSYSYSNGPGPFYDKGLISEEELGASVASLSSENPYATIRDLPSLPGGPRESSYMEMKGPPSGSPPRQPPQFWDSQRRRQPQPQRDSGTYEQPSPLIHDRDSVGSQPPLPPGLPPGHYDSPKNSHIPGHYDLPPVRHPPSPPLRRQDR*
chr1:158293743:C/A:1	chr1	158293743	C|A	1	CD1C	NM_001765	911	3utr	1411	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:159000259:G/T:1	chr1	159000259	G|T	1	PYDC5	NM_001320010	107181291	coding	54	54	18	T>T	syn	None	MESKYKEILLLTSLDNITDEELDRFKCFLPDEFNIATGKLHTLNSTSSQLDLKRWHGVCSEEDRIFQKLNYMLVAKCLREEQETGICGSPSSARSVSQSRLGLSFHGISGNAC*
chr1:159000259:G/T:1	chr1	159000259	G|T	1	IFI16	NM_001364867	3428	5utr	284	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:160353563:A/G:1	chr1	160353563	A|G	1	NCSTN	NM_001290184	23385	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	326	None
chr1:160353563:A/G:1	chr1	160353563	A|G	1	NCSTN	NM_001290186	23385	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	326	None
chr1:160353563:A/G:1	chr1	160353563	A|G	1	NCSTN	NM_001349729	23385	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	326	None
chr1:160353563:A/G:1	chr1	160353563	A|G	1	NCSTN	NM_015331	23385	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	326	None
chr1:162294556:T/C:1	chr1	162294556	T|C	1	NOS1AP	NM_014697	9722	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6077	None
chr1:162294556:T/C:1	chr1	162294556	T|C	1	NOS1AP	NM_001164757	9722	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6092	None
chr1:165676357:A/G:1	chr1	165676357	A|G	1	ALDH9A1	NM_000696	223	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3085	None
chr1:165676357:A/G:1	chr1	165676357	A|G	1	ALDH9A1	NM_001365774	223	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3085	None
chr1:166070907:G/C:1	chr1	166070907	G|C	1	FAM78B	NM_001320302	149297	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10244	None
chr1:166070907:G/C:1	chr1	166070907	G|C	1	FAM78B	NM_001017961	149297	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr1:166070907:G/C:1	chr1	166070907	G|C	1	FAM78B	NR_135199	149297	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr1:175403542:C/T:1	chr1	175403542	C|T	1	TNR	NM_003285	7143	coding	1108	574	192	E>K	nonsyn	None	MGADGETVVLKNMLIGINLILLGSMIKPSECQLEVTTERVQRQSVEEEGGIANYNTSSKEQPVVFNHVYNINVPLDNLCSSGLEASAEQEVSAEDETLAEYMGQTSDHESQVTFTHRINFPKKACPCASSAQVLQELLSRIEMLEREVSVLRDQCNANCCQESAATGQLDYIPHCSGHGNFSFESCGCICNEGWFGKNCSEPYCPLGCSSRGVCVDGQCICDSEYSGDDCSELRCPTDCSSRGLCVDGECVCEEPYTGEDCRELRCPGDCSGKGRCANGTCLCEEGYVGEDCGQRQCLNACSGRGQCEEGLCVCEEGYQGPDCSAVAPPEDLRVAGISDRSIELEWDGPMAVTEYVISYQPTALGGLQLQQRVPGDWSGVTITELEPGLTYNISVYAVISNILSLPITAKVATHLSTPQGLQFKTITETTVEVQWEPFSFSFDGWEISFIPKNNEGGVIAQVPSDVTSFNQTGLKPGEEYIVNVVALKEQARSPPTSASVSTVIDGPTQILVRDVSDTVAFVEWIPPRAKVDFILLKYGLVGGEGGRTTFRLQPPLSQYSVQALRPGSRYEVSVSAVRGTNESDSATTQFTTEIDAPKNLRVGSRTATSLDLEWDNSEAEVQEYKVVYSTLAGEQYHEVLVPRGIGPTTRATLTDLVPGTEYGVGISAVMNSQQSVPATMNARTELDSPRDLMVTASSETSISLIWTKASGPIDHYRITFTPSSGIASEVTVPKDRTSYTLTDLEPGAEYIISVTAERGRQQSLESTVDAFTGFRPISHLHFSHVTSSSVNITWSDPSPPADRLILNYSPRDEEEEMMEVSLDATKRHAVLMGLQPATEYIVNLVAVHGTVTSEPIVGSITTGIDPPKDITISNVTKDSVMVSWSPPVASFDYYRVSYRPTQVGRLDSSVVPNTVTEFTITRLNPATEYEISLNSVRGREESERICTLVHTAMDNPVDLIATNITPTEALLQWKAPVGEVENYVIVLTHFAVAGETILVDGVSEEFRLVDLLPSTHYTATMYATNGPLTSGTISTNFSTLLDPPANLTASEVTRQSALISWQPPRAEIENYVLTYKSTDGSRKELIVDAEDTWIRLEGLLENTDYTVLLQAAQDTTWSSITSTAFTTGGRVFPHPQDCAQHLMNGDTLSGVYPIFLNGELSQKLQVYCDMTTDGGGWIVFQRRQNGQTDFFRKWADYRVGFGNVEDEFWLGLDNIHRITSQGRYELRVDMRDGQEAAFASYDRFSVEDSRNLYKLRIGSYNGTAGDSLSYHQGRPFSTEDRDNDVAVTNCAMSYKGAWWYKNCHRTNLNGKYGESRHSQGINWYHWKGHEFSIPFVEMKMRPYNHRLMAGRKRQSLQF*|MGADGETVVLKNMLIGINLILLGSMIKPSECQLEVTTERVQRQSVEEEGGIANYNTSSKEQPVVFNHVYNINVPLDNLCSSGLEASAEQEVSAEDETLAEYMGQTSDHESQVTFTHRINFPKKACPCASSAQVLQELLSRIEMLEREVSVLRDQCNANCCQESAATGQLDYIPHCSGHGNFSFESCGCICNKGWFGKNCSEPYCPLGCSSRGVCVDGQCICDSEYSGDDCSELRCPTDCSSRGLCVDGECVCEEPYTGEDCRELRCPGDCSGKGRCANGTCLCEEGYVGEDCGQRQCLNACSGRGQCEEGLCVCEEGYQGPDCSAVAPPEDLRVAGISDRSIELEWDGPMAVTEYVISYQPTALGGLQLQQRVPGDWSGVTITELEPGLTYNISVYAVISNILSLPITAKVATHLSTPQGLQFKTITETTVEVQWEPFSFSFDGWEISFIPKNNEGGVIAQVPSDVTSFNQTGLKPGEEYIVNVVALKEQARSPPTSASVSTVIDGPTQILVRDVSDTVAFVEWIPPRAKVDFILLKYGLVGGEGGRTTFRLQPPLSQYSVQALRPGSRYEVSVSAVRGTNESDSATTQFTTEIDAPKNLRVGSRTATSLDLEWDNSEAEVQEYKVVYSTLAGEQYHEVLVPRGIGPTTRATLTDLVPGTEYGVGISAVMNSQQSVPATMNARTELDSPRDLMVTASSETSISLIWTKASGPIDHYRITFTPSSGIASEVTVPKDRTSYTLTDLEPGAEYIISVTAERGRQQSLESTVDAFTGFRPISHLHFSHVTSSSVNITWSDPSPPADRLILNYSPRDEEEEMMEVSLDATKRHAVLMGLQPATEYIVNLVAVHGTVTSEPIVGSITTGIDPPKDITISNVTKDSVMVSWSPPVASFDYYRVSYRPTQVGRLDSSVVPNTVTEFTITRLNPATEYEISLNSVRGREESERICTLVHTAMDNPVDLIATNITPTEALLQWKAPVGEVENYVIVLTHFAVAGETILVDGVSEEFRLVDLLPSTHYTATMYATNGPLTSGTISTNFSTLLDPPANLTASEVTRQSALISWQPPRAEIENYVLTYKSTDGSRKELIVDAEDTWIRLEGLLENTDYTVLLQAAQDTTWSSITSTAFTTGGRVFPHPQDCAQHLMNGDTLSGVYPIFLNGELSQKLQVYCDMTTDGGGWIVFQRRQNGQTDFFRKWADYRVGFGNVEDEFWLGLDNIHRITSQGRYELRVDMRDGQEAAFASYDRFSVEDSRNLYKLRIGSYNGTAGDSLSYHQGRPFSTEDRDNDVAVTNCAMSYKGAWWYKNCHRTNLNGKYGESRHSQGINWYHWKGHEFSIPFVEMKMRPYNHRLMAGRKRQSLQF*
chr1:175403542:C/T:1	chr1	175403542	C|T	1	TNR	NM_001328635	7143	5utr	1129	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:176136414:C/A:1	chr1	176136414	C|A	1	COP1	NM_001286644	64326	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	74	None
chr1:176136414:C/A:1	chr1	176136414	C|A	1	COP1	NM_022457	64326	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	74	None
chr1:176136414:C/A:1	chr1	176136414	C|A	1	COP1	NM_001001740	64326	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1328	None
chr1:177936177:G/T:1	chr1	177936177	G|T	1	SEC16B	NM_001356500	89866	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	121	None
chr1:177936177:G/T:1	chr1	177936177	G|T	1	CRYZL2P-SEC16B	NM_001356505	111240474	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	121	None
chr1:177936177:G/T:1	chr1	177936177	G|T	1	CRYZL2P-SEC16B	NM_001356506	111240474	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	121	None
chr1:177936177:G/T:1	chr1	177936177	G|T	1	SEC16B	NM_033127	89866	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	121	None
chr1:178470804:T/C:1	chr1	178470804	T|C	1	RASAL2	NM_004841	9462	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2271	None
chr1:178470804:T/C:1	chr1	178470804	T|C	1	RASAL2	NM_170692	9462	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2271	None
chr1:179221566:G/A:1	chr1	179221566	G|A	1	ABL2	NM_001136001	27	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7675	None
chr1:179221566:G/A:1	chr1	179221566	G|A	1	ABL2	NM_001168236	27	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7675	None
chr1:179221566:G/A:1	chr1	179221566	G|A	1	ABL2	NM_001168238	27	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7675	None
chr1:179221566:G/A:1	chr1	179221566	G|A	1	ABL2	NM_001168237	27	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7675	None
chr1:179221566:G/A:1	chr1	179221566	G|A	1	ABL2	NM_007314	27	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7675	None
chr1:182550726:A/G:1	chr1	182550726	A|G	1	RGSL1	NM_001137669	353299	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	374	None
chr1:182550726:A/G:1	chr1	182550726	A|G	1	RGSL1	NM_001366934	353299	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	374	None
chr1:183228170:A/G:1	chr1	183228170	A|G	1	LAMC2	NM_005562	3918	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	204	None
chr1:183228170:A/G:1	chr1	183228170	A|G	1	LAMC2	NM_018891	3918	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	204	None
chr1:197907079:C/A:1	chr1	197907079	C|A	1	C1orf53	NM_001024594	388722	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	70	None
chr1:201324373:G/T:1	chr1	201324373	G|T	1	PKP1	NM_000299	5317	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	55	None
chr1:201324373:G/T:1	chr1	201324373	G|T	1	PKP1	NM_001005337	5317	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	55	None
chr1:203048066:G/T:1	chr1	203048066	G|T	1	PPFIA4	NM_001304331	8497	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	161	None
chr1:203048066:G/T:1	chr1	203048066	G|T	1	PPFIA4	NM_001304332	8497	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	161	None
chr1:203869988:C/G:1	chr1	203869988	C|G	1	SNRPE	NR_130746	6635	non-coding	413	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:203869988:C/G:1	chr1	203869988	C|G	1	SNRPE	NM_001304464	6635	3utr	454	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:203869988:C/G:1	chr1	203869988	C|G	1	SNRPE	NM_001328637	6635	3utr	401	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:203869988:C/G:1	chr1	203869988	C|G	1	SNRPE	NM_001328638	6635	3utr	360	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:203869988:C/G:1	chr1	203869988	C|G	1	SNRPE	NM_003094	6635	3utr	396	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:204195297:C/T:1	chr1	204195297	C|T	1	KISS1	NM_002256	3814	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1079	None
chr1:205526537:G/T:1	chr1	205526537	G|T	1	CDK18	NM_002596	5129	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	76	None
chr1:205526537:G/T:1	chr1	205526537	G|T	1	CDK18	NM_212502	5129	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	76	None
chr1:205526537:G/T:1	chr1	205526537	G|T	1	CDK18	NM_212503	5129	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	76	None
chr1:205623495:G/A:1	chr1	205623495	G|A	1	ELK4	NM_001973	2005	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr1:205623495:G/A:1	chr1	205623495	G|A	1	ELK4	NM_021795	2005	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr1:206479188:C/A:1	chr1	206479188	C|A	1	IKBKE	NM_001193321	9641	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	55	None
chr1:206479188:C/A:1	chr1	206479188	C|A	1	IKBKE	NM_001193322	9641	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	55	None
chr1:206479188:C/A:1	chr1	206479188	C|A	1	IKBKE	NM_014002	9641	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	55	None
chr1:209618498:C/T:1	chr1	209618498	C|T	1	LAMB3	NM_000228	3914	coding	2957	2863	955	D>N	nonsyn	None	MRPFFLLCFALPGLLHAQQACSRGACYPPVGDLLVGRTRFLRASSTCGLTKPETYCTQYGEWQMKCCKCDSRQPHNYYSHRVENVASSSGPMRWWQSQNDVNPVSLQLDLDRRFQLQEVMMEFQGPMPAGMLIERSSDFGKTWRVYQYLAADCTSTFPRVRQGRPQSWQDVRCQSLPQRPNARLNGGKVQLNLMDLVSGIPATQSQKIQEVGEITNLRVNFTRLAPVPQRGYHPPSAYYAVSQLRLQGSCFCHGHADRCAPKPGASAGPSTAVQVHDVCVCQHNTAGPNCERCAPFYNNRPWRPAEGQDAHECQRCDCNGHSETCHFDPAVFAASQGAYGGVCDNCRDHTEGKNCERCQLHYFRNRRPGASIQETCISCECDPDGAVPGAPCDPVTGQCVCKEHVQGERCDLCKPGFTGLTYANPQGCHRCDCNILGSRRDMPCDEESGRCLCLPNVVGPKCDQCAPYHWKLASGQGCEPCACDPHNSLSPQCNQFTGQCPCREGFGGLMCSAAAIRQCPDRTYGDVATGCRACDCDFRGTEGPGCDKASGRCLCRPGLTGPRCDQCQRGYCNRYPVCVACHPCFQTYDADLREQALRFGRLRNATASLWSGPGLEDRGLASRILDAKSKIEQIRAVLSSPAVTEQEVAQVASAILSLRRTLQGLQLDLPLEEETLSLPRDLESLDRSFNGLLTMYQRKREQFEKISSADPSGAFRMLSTAYEQSAQAAQQVSDSSRLLDQLRDSRREAERLVRQAGGGGGTGSPKLVALRLEMSSLPDLTPTFNKLCGNSRQMACTPISCPGELCPQDNGTACGSRCRGVLPRAGGAFLMAGQVAEQLRGFNAQLQRTRQMIRAAEESASQIQSSAQRLETQVSASRSQMEEDVRRTRLLIQQVRDFLTDPDTDAATIQEVSEAVLALWLPTDSATVLQKMNEIQAIAARLPNVDLVLSQTKQDIARARRLQAEAEEARSRAHAVEGQVEDVVGNLRQGTVALQEAQDTMQGTSRSLRLIQDRVAEVQQVLRPAEKLVTSMTKQLGDFWTRMEELRHQARQQGAEAVQAQQLAEGASEQALSAQEGFERIKQKYAELKDRLGQSSMLGEQGARIQSVKTEAEELFGETMEMMDRMKDMELELLRGSQAIMLRSADLTGLEKRVEQIRDHINGRVLYYATCK*|MRPFFLLCFALPGLLHAQQACSRGACYPPVGDLLVGRTRFLRASSTCGLTKPETYCTQYGEWQMKCCKCDSRQPHNYYSHRVENVASSSGPMRWWQSQNDVNPVSLQLDLDRRFQLQEVMMEFQGPMPAGMLIERSSDFGKTWRVYQYLAADCTSTFPRVRQGRPQSWQDVRCQSLPQRPNARLNGGKVQLNLMDLVSGIPATQSQKIQEVGEITNLRVNFTRLAPVPQRGYHPPSAYYAVSQLRLQGSCFCHGHADRCAPKPGASAGPSTAVQVHDVCVCQHNTAGPNCERCAPFYNNRPWRPAEGQDAHECQRCDCNGHSETCHFDPAVFAASQGAYGGVCDNCRDHTEGKNCERCQLHYFRNRRPGASIQETCISCECDPDGAVPGAPCDPVTGQCVCKEHVQGERCDLCKPGFTGLTYANPQGCHRCDCNILGSRRDMPCDEESGRCLCLPNVVGPKCDQCAPYHWKLASGQGCEPCACDPHNSLSPQCNQFTGQCPCREGFGGLMCSAAAIRQCPDRTYGDVATGCRACDCDFRGTEGPGCDKASGRCLCRPGLTGPRCDQCQRGYCNRYPVCVACHPCFQTYDADLREQALRFGRLRNATASLWSGPGLEDRGLASRILDAKSKIEQIRAVLSSPAVTEQEVAQVASAILSLRRTLQGLQLDLPLEEETLSLPRDLESLDRSFNGLLTMYQRKREQFEKISSADPSGAFRMLSTAYEQSAQAAQQVSDSSRLLDQLRDSRREAERLVRQAGGGGGTGSPKLVALRLEMSSLPDLTPTFNKLCGNSRQMACTPISCPGELCPQDNGTACGSRCRGVLPRAGGAFLMAGQVAEQLRGFNAQLQRTRQMIRAAEESASQIQSSAQRLETQVSASRSQMEEDVRRTRLLIQQVRDFLTDPDTDAATIQEVSEAVLALWLPTDSATVLQKMNEIQAIAARLPNVDLVLSQTKQNIARARRLQAEAEEARSRAHAVEGQVEDVVGNLRQGTVALQEAQDTMQGTSRSLRLIQDRVAEVQQVLRPAEKLVTSMTKQLGDFWTRMEELRHQARQQGAEAVQAQQLAEGASEQALSAQEGFERIKQKYAELKDRLGQSSMLGEQGARIQSVKTEAEELFGETMEMMDRMKDMELELLRGSQAIMLRSADLTGLEKRVEQIRDHINGRVLYYATCK*
chr1:209618498:C/T:1	chr1	209618498	C|T	1	LAMB3	NM_001017402	3914	coding	3253	2863	955	D>N	nonsyn	None	MRPFFLLCFALPGLLHAQQACSRGACYPPVGDLLVGRTRFLRASSTCGLTKPETYCTQYGEWQMKCCKCDSRQPHNYYSHRVENVASSSGPMRWWQSQNDVNPVSLQLDLDRRFQLQEVMMEFQGPMPAGMLIERSSDFGKTWRVYQYLAADCTSTFPRVRQGRPQSWQDVRCQSLPQRPNARLNGGKVQLNLMDLVSGIPATQSQKIQEVGEITNLRVNFTRLAPVPQRGYHPPSAYYAVSQLRLQGSCFCHGHADRCAPKPGASAGPSTAVQVHDVCVCQHNTAGPNCERCAPFYNNRPWRPAEGQDAHECQRCDCNGHSETCHFDPAVFAASQGAYGGVCDNCRDHTEGKNCERCQLHYFRNRRPGASIQETCISCECDPDGAVPGAPCDPVTGQCVCKEHVQGERCDLCKPGFTGLTYANPQGCHRCDCNILGSRRDMPCDEESGRCLCLPNVVGPKCDQCAPYHWKLASGQGCEPCACDPHNSLSPQCNQFTGQCPCREGFGGLMCSAAAIRQCPDRTYGDVATGCRACDCDFRGTEGPGCDKASGRCLCRPGLTGPRCDQCQRGYCNRYPVCVACHPCFQTYDADLREQALRFGRLRNATASLWSGPGLEDRGLASRILDAKSKIEQIRAVLSSPAVTEQEVAQVASAILSLRRTLQGLQLDLPLEEETLSLPRDLESLDRSFNGLLTMYQRKREQFEKISSADPSGAFRMLSTAYEQSAQAAQQVSDSSRLLDQLRDSRREAERLVRQAGGGGGTGSPKLVALRLEMSSLPDLTPTFNKLCGNSRQMACTPISCPGELCPQDNGTACGSRCRGVLPRAGGAFLMAGQVAEQLRGFNAQLQRTRQMIRAAEESASQIQSSAQRLETQVSASRSQMEEDVRRTRLLIQQVRDFLTDPDTDAATIQEVSEAVLALWLPTDSATVLQKMNEIQAIAARLPNVDLVLSQTKQDIARARRLQAEAEEARSRAHAVEGQVEDVVGNLRQGTVALQEAQDTMQGTSRSLRLIQDRVAEVQQVLRPAEKLVTSMTKQLGDFWTRMEELRHQARQQGAEAVQAQQLAEGASEQALSAQEGFERIKQKYAELKDRLGQSSMLGEQGARIQSVKTEAEELFGETMEMMDRMKDMELELLRGSQAIMLRSADLTGLEKRVEQIRDHINGRVLYYATCK*|MRPFFLLCFALPGLLHAQQACSRGACYPPVGDLLVGRTRFLRASSTCGLTKPETYCTQYGEWQMKCCKCDSRQPHNYYSHRVENVASSSGPMRWWQSQNDVNPVSLQLDLDRRFQLQEVMMEFQGPMPAGMLIERSSDFGKTWRVYQYLAADCTSTFPRVRQGRPQSWQDVRCQSLPQRPNARLNGGKVQLNLMDLVSGIPATQSQKIQEVGEITNLRVNFTRLAPVPQRGYHPPSAYYAVSQLRLQGSCFCHGHADRCAPKPGASAGPSTAVQVHDVCVCQHNTAGPNCERCAPFYNNRPWRPAEGQDAHECQRCDCNGHSETCHFDPAVFAASQGAYGGVCDNCRDHTEGKNCERCQLHYFRNRRPGASIQETCISCECDPDGAVPGAPCDPVTGQCVCKEHVQGERCDLCKPGFTGLTYANPQGCHRCDCNILGSRRDMPCDEESGRCLCLPNVVGPKCDQCAPYHWKLASGQGCEPCACDPHNSLSPQCNQFTGQCPCREGFGGLMCSAAAIRQCPDRTYGDVATGCRACDCDFRGTEGPGCDKASGRCLCRPGLTGPRCDQCQRGYCNRYPVCVACHPCFQTYDADLREQALRFGRLRNATASLWSGPGLEDRGLASRILDAKSKIEQIRAVLSSPAVTEQEVAQVASAILSLRRTLQGLQLDLPLEEETLSLPRDLESLDRSFNGLLTMYQRKREQFEKISSADPSGAFRMLSTAYEQSAQAAQQVSDSSRLLDQLRDSRREAERLVRQAGGGGGTGSPKLVALRLEMSSLPDLTPTFNKLCGNSRQMACTPISCPGELCPQDNGTACGSRCRGVLPRAGGAFLMAGQVAEQLRGFNAQLQRTRQMIRAAEESASQIQSSAQRLETQVSASRSQMEEDVRRTRLLIQQVRDFLTDPDTDAATIQEVSEAVLALWLPTDSATVLQKMNEIQAIAARLPNVDLVLSQTKQNIARARRLQAEAEEARSRAHAVEGQVEDVVGNLRQGTVALQEAQDTMQGTSRSLRLIQDRVAEVQQVLRPAEKLVTSMTKQLGDFWTRMEELRHQARQQGAEAVQAQQLAEGASEQALSAQEGFERIKQKYAELKDRLGQSSMLGEQGARIQSVKTEAEELFGETMEMMDRMKDMELELLRGSQAIMLRSADLTGLEKRVEQIRDHINGRVLYYATCK*
chr1:209618498:C/T:1	chr1	209618498	C|T	1	LAMB3	NM_001127641	3914	coding	2981	2863	955	D>N	nonsyn	None	MRPFFLLCFALPGLLHAQQACSRGACYPPVGDLLVGRTRFLRASSTCGLTKPETYCTQYGEWQMKCCKCDSRQPHNYYSHRVENVASSSGPMRWWQSQNDVNPVSLQLDLDRRFQLQEVMMEFQGPMPAGMLIERSSDFGKTWRVYQYLAADCTSTFPRVRQGRPQSWQDVRCQSLPQRPNARLNGGKVQLNLMDLVSGIPATQSQKIQEVGEITNLRVNFTRLAPVPQRGYHPPSAYYAVSQLRLQGSCFCHGHADRCAPKPGASAGPSTAVQVHDVCVCQHNTAGPNCERCAPFYNNRPWRPAEGQDAHECQRCDCNGHSETCHFDPAVFAASQGAYGGVCDNCRDHTEGKNCERCQLHYFRNRRPGASIQETCISCECDPDGAVPGAPCDPVTGQCVCKEHVQGERCDLCKPGFTGLTYANPQGCHRCDCNILGSRRDMPCDEESGRCLCLPNVVGPKCDQCAPYHWKLASGQGCEPCACDPHNSLSPQCNQFTGQCPCREGFGGLMCSAAAIRQCPDRTYGDVATGCRACDCDFRGTEGPGCDKASGRCLCRPGLTGPRCDQCQRGYCNRYPVCVACHPCFQTYDADLREQALRFGRLRNATASLWSGPGLEDRGLASRILDAKSKIEQIRAVLSSPAVTEQEVAQVASAILSLRRTLQGLQLDLPLEEETLSLPRDLESLDRSFNGLLTMYQRKREQFEKISSADPSGAFRMLSTAYEQSAQAAQQVSDSSRLLDQLRDSRREAERLVRQAGGGGGTGSPKLVALRLEMSSLPDLTPTFNKLCGNSRQMACTPISCPGELCPQDNGTACGSRCRGVLPRAGGAFLMAGQVAEQLRGFNAQLQRTRQMIRAAEESASQIQSSAQRLETQVSASRSQMEEDVRRTRLLIQQVRDFLTDPDTDAATIQEVSEAVLALWLPTDSATVLQKMNEIQAIAARLPNVDLVLSQTKQDIARARRLQAEAEEARSRAHAVEGQVEDVVGNLRQGTVALQEAQDTMQGTSRSLRLIQDRVAEVQQVLRPAEKLVTSMTKQLGDFWTRMEELRHQARQQGAEAVQAQQLAEGASEQALSAQEGFERIKQKYAELKDRLGQSSMLGEQGARIQSVKTEAEELFGETMEMMDRMKDMELELLRGSQAIMLRSADLTGLEKRVEQIRDHINGRVLYYATCK*|MRPFFLLCFALPGLLHAQQACSRGACYPPVGDLLVGRTRFLRASSTCGLTKPETYCTQYGEWQMKCCKCDSRQPHNYYSHRVENVASSSGPMRWWQSQNDVNPVSLQLDLDRRFQLQEVMMEFQGPMPAGMLIERSSDFGKTWRVYQYLAADCTSTFPRVRQGRPQSWQDVRCQSLPQRPNARLNGGKVQLNLMDLVSGIPATQSQKIQEVGEITNLRVNFTRLAPVPQRGYHPPSAYYAVSQLRLQGSCFCHGHADRCAPKPGASAGPSTAVQVHDVCVCQHNTAGPNCERCAPFYNNRPWRPAEGQDAHECQRCDCNGHSETCHFDPAVFAASQGAYGGVCDNCRDHTEGKNCERCQLHYFRNRRPGASIQETCISCECDPDGAVPGAPCDPVTGQCVCKEHVQGERCDLCKPGFTGLTYANPQGCHRCDCNILGSRRDMPCDEESGRCLCLPNVVGPKCDQCAPYHWKLASGQGCEPCACDPHNSLSPQCNQFTGQCPCREGFGGLMCSAAAIRQCPDRTYGDVATGCRACDCDFRGTEGPGCDKASGRCLCRPGLTGPRCDQCQRGYCNRYPVCVACHPCFQTYDADLREQALRFGRLRNATASLWSGPGLEDRGLASRILDAKSKIEQIRAVLSSPAVTEQEVAQVASAILSLRRTLQGLQLDLPLEEETLSLPRDLESLDRSFNGLLTMYQRKREQFEKISSADPSGAFRMLSTAYEQSAQAAQQVSDSSRLLDQLRDSRREAERLVRQAGGGGGTGSPKLVALRLEMSSLPDLTPTFNKLCGNSRQMACTPISCPGELCPQDNGTACGSRCRGVLPRAGGAFLMAGQVAEQLRGFNAQLQRTRQMIRAAEESASQIQSSAQRLETQVSASRSQMEEDVRRTRLLIQQVRDFLTDPDTDAATIQEVSEAVLALWLPTDSATVLQKMNEIQAIAARLPNVDLVLSQTKQNIARARRLQAEAEEARSRAHAVEGQVEDVVGNLRQGTVALQEAQDTMQGTSRSLRLIQDRVAEVQQVLRPAEKLVTSMTKQLGDFWTRMEELRHQARQQGAEAVQAQQLAEGASEQALSAQEGFERIKQKYAELKDRLGQSSMLGEQGARIQSVKTEAEELFGETMEMMDRMKDMELELLRGSQAIMLRSADLTGLEKRVEQIRDHINGRVLYYATCK*
chr1:218405442:G/T:1	chr1	218405442	G|T	1	TGFB2	NM_001135599	7042	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	110	None
chr1:218405442:G/T:1	chr1	218405442	G|T	1	TGFB2	NM_003238	7042	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	110	None
chr1:218405442:G/T:1	chr1	218405442	G|T	1	TGFB2	NR_138148	7042	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	110	None
chr1:218405442:G/T:1	chr1	218405442	G|T	1	TGFB2	NR_138149	7042	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	110	None
chr1:228306995:G/A:1	chr1	228306995	G|A	1	OBSCN	NM_001098623	84033	coding	12095	12021	4007	A>A	syn	None	MDQPQFSGAPRFLTRPKAFVVSVGKDATLSCQIVGNPTPQVSWEKDQQPVAAGARFRLAQDGDLYRLTILDLALGDSGQYVCRARNAIGEAFAAVGLQVDAEAACAEQAPHFLLRPTSIRVREGSEATFRCRVGGSPRPAVSWSKDGRRLGEPDGPRVRVEELGEASALRIRAARPRDGGTYEVRAENPLGAASAAAALVVDSDAADTASRPGTSTAALLAHLQRRREAMRAEGAPASPPSTGTRTCTVTEGKHARLSCYVTGEPKPETVWKKDGQLVTEGRRHVVYEDAQENFVLKILFCKQSDRGLYTCTASNLVGQTYSSVLVVVREPAVPFKKRLQDLEVREKESATFLCEVPQPSTEAAWFKEETRLWASAKYGIEEEGTERRLTVRNVSADDDAVYICETPEGSRTVAELAVQGNLLRKLPRKTAVRVGDTAMFCVELAVPVGPVHWLRNQEEVVAGGRVAISAEGTRHTLTISQCCLEDVGQVAFMAGDCQTSTQFCVSAPRKPPLQPPVDPVVKARMESSVILSWSPPPHGERPVTIDGYLVEKKKLGTYTWIRCHEAEWVATPELTVADVAEEGNFQFRVSALNSFGQSPYLEFPGTVHLAPKLAVRTPLKAVQAVEGGEVTFSVDLTVASAGEWFLDGQALKASSVYEIHCDRTRHTLTIREVPASLHGAQLKFVANGIESSIRMEVRAAPGLTANKPPAAAAREVLARLHEEAQLLAELSDQAAAVTWLKDGRTLSPGPKYEVQASAGRRVLLVRDVARDDAGLYECVSRGGRIAYQLSVQGLARFLHKDMAGSCVDAVAGGPAQFECETSEAHVHVHWYKDGMELGHSGERFLQEDVGTRHRLVAATVTRQDEGTYSCRVGEDSVDFRLRVSEPKVVFAKEQLARRKLQAEAGASATLSCEVAQAQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVCMEATGCTRRLVVQQAGQADAGEYSCEAGGQRLSFHLDVKEPKVVFAKDQVAHSEVQAEAGASATLSCEVAQAQTEVMWYKDGKKLSSSLKVHVEAKGCRRRLVVQQAGKTDAGDYSCEARGQRVSFRLHITEPKMMFAKEQSVHNEVQAEAGASAMLSCEVAQAQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVGMEVKGCTRRLVLPQAGKADAGEYSCEAGGQRVSFHLHITEPKGVFAKEQSVHNEVQAEAGTTAMLSCEVAQPQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVRMEVKGCTRRLVVQQVGKADAGEYSCEAGGQRVSFQLHITEPKAVFAKEQLVHNEVRTEAGASATLSCEVAQAQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVRIEAAGCMRQLVVQQAGQADAGEYTCEAGGQRLSFHLDVSEPKAVFAKEQLAHRKVQAEAGAIATLSCEVAQAQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVRMEAVGCTRRLVVQQACQADTGEYSCEAGGQRLSFSLDVAEPKVVFAKEQPVHREVQAQAGASTTLSCEVAQAQTEVMWYKDGKKLSFSSKVRMEAVGCTRRLVVQQAGQAVAGEYSCEAGSQRLSFHLHVAEPKAVFAKEQPASREVQAEAGTSATLSCEVAQAQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVRMEAVGCTRRLVVQEAGQADAGEYSCKAGDQRLSFHLHVAEPKVVFAKEQPAHREVQAEAGASATLSCEVAQAQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVRVEAVGCTRRLVVQQAGQAEAGEYSCEAGGQQLSFRLQVAELEPQISERPCRREPLVVKEHEDIILTATLATPSAATVTWLKDGVEIRRSKRHETASQGDTHTLTVHGAQVLDSAIYSCRVGAEGQDFPVQVEEVAAKFCRLLEPVCGELGGTVTLACELSPACAEVVWRCGNTQLRVGKRFQMVAEGPVRSLTVLGLRAEDAGEYVCESRDDHTSAQLTVSVPRVVKFMSGLSTVVAEEGGEATFQCVVSPSDVAVVWFRDGALLQPSEKFAISQSGASHSLTISDLVLEDAGQITVEAEGASSSAALRVREAPVLFKKKLEPQTVEERSSVTLEVELTRPWPELRWTRNATALAPGKNVEIHAEGARHRLVLHNVGFADRGFFGCETPDDKTQAKLTVEMRQVRLVRGLQAVEAREQGTATMEVQLSHADVDGSWTRDGLRFQQGPTCHLAVRGPMHTLTLSGLRPEDSGLMVFKAEGVHTSARLVVTELPVSFSRPLQDVVTTEKEKVTLECELSRPNVDVRWLKDGVELRAGKTMAIAAQGACRSLTIYRCEFADQGVYVCDAHDAQSSASVKVQGRTYTLIYRRVLAEDAGEIQFVAENAESRAQLRVKELPVTLVRPLRDKIAMEKHRGVLECQVSRASAQVRWFKGSQELQPGPKYELVSDGLYRKLIISDVHAEDEDTYTCDAGDVKTSAQFFVEEQSITIVRGLQDVTVMEPAPAWFECETSIPSVRPPKWLLGKTVLQAGGNVGLEQEGTVHRLMLRRTCSTMTGPVHFTVGKSRSSARLVVSDIPVVLTRPLEPKTGRELQSVVLSCDFRPAPKAVQWYKDDTPLSPSEKFKMSLEGQMAELRILRLMPADAGVYRCQAGSAHSSTEVTVEAREVTVTGPLQDAEATEEGWASFSCELSHEDEEVEWSLNGMPLYNDSFHEISHKGRRHTLVLKSIQRADAGIVRASSLKVSTSARLEVRVKPVVFLKALDDLSAEERGTLALQCEVSDPEAHVVWRKDGVQLGPSDKYDFLHTAGTRGLVVHDVSPEDAGLYTCHVGSEETRARVRVHDLHVGITKRLKTMEVLEGESCSFECVLSHESASDPAMWTVGGKTVGSSSRFQATRQGRKYILVVREAAPSDAGEVVFSVRGLTSKASLIVRERPAAIIKPLEDQWVAPGEDVELRCELSRAGTPVHWLKDRKAIRKSQKYDVVCEGTMAMLVIRGASLKDAGEYTCEVEASKSTASLHVEEKANCFTEELTNLQVEEKGTAVFTCKTEHPAATVTWRKGLLELRASGKHQPSQEGLTLRLTISALEKADSDTYTCDIGQAQSRAQLLVQGRRVHIIEDLEDVDVQEGSSATFRCRISPANYEPVHWFLDKTPLHANELNEIDAQPGGYHVLTLRQLALKDSGTIYFEAGDQRASAALRVTEKPSVFSRELTDATITEGEDLTLVCETSTCDIPVCWTKDGKTLRGSARCQLSHEGHRAQLLITGATLQDSGRYKCEAGGACSSSIVRVHARPVRFQEALKDLEVLEGGAATLRCVLSSVAAPVKWCYGNNVLRPGDKYSLRQEGAMLELVVRNLRPQDSGRYSCSFGDQTTSATLTVTALPAQFIGKLRNKEATEGATATLRCELSKAAPVEWRKGSETLRDGDRYCLRQDGAMCELQIRGLAMVDAAEYSCVCGEERTSASLTIRPMPAHFIGRLRHQESIEGATATLRCELSKAAPVEWRKGRESLRDGDRHSLRQDGAVCELQICGLAVADAGEYSCVCGEERTSATLTVKALPAKFTEGLRNEEAVEGATAMLWCELSKVAPVEWRKGPENLRDGDRYILRQEGTRCELQICGLAMADAGEYLCVCGQERTSATLTIRALPARFIEDVKNQEAREGATAVLQCELNSAAPVEWRKGSETLRDGDRYSLRQDGTKCELQIRGLAMADTGEYSCVCGQERTSAMLTVRALPIKFTEGLRNEEATEGATAVLRCELSKMAPVEWWKGHETLRDGDRHSLRQDGARCELQIRGLVAEDAGEYLCMCGKERTSAMLTVRAMPSKFIEGLRNEEATEGDTATLWCELSKAAPVEWRKGHETLRDGDRHSLRQDGSRCELQIRGLAVVDAGEYSCVCGQERTSATLTVRALPARFIEDVKNQEAREGATAVLQCELSKAAPVEWRKGSETLRGGDRYSLRQDGTRCELQIHGLSVADTGEYSCVCGQERTSATLTVRAPQPVFREPLQSLQAEEGSTATLQCELSEPTATVVWSKGGLQLQANGRREPRLQGCTAELVLQDLQREDTGEYTCTCGSQATSATLTVTAAPVRFLRELQHQEVDEGGTAHLCCELSRAGASVEWRKGSLQLFPCAKYQMVQDGAAAELLVRGVEQEDAGDYTCDTGHTQSMASLSVRVPRPKFKTRLQSLEQETGDIARLCCQLSDAESGAVVQWLKEGVELHAGPKYEMRSQGATRELLIHQLEAKDTGEYACVTGGQKTAASLRVTEPEVTIVRGLVDAEVTADEDVEFSCEVSRAGATGVQWCLQGLPLQSNEVTEVAVRDGRIHTLRLKGVTPEDAGTVSFHLGNHASSAQLTVRAPEVTILEPLQDVQLSEGQDASFQCRLSRASGQEARWALGGVPLQANEMNDITVEQGTLHLLTLHKVTLEDAGTVSFHVGTCSSEAQLKVTAKNTVVRGLENVEALEGGEALFECQLSQPEVAAHTWLLDDEPVHTSENAEVVFFENGLRHLLLLKNLRPQDSCRVTFLAGDMVTSAFLTVRGWRLEILEPLKNAAVRAGAQACFTCTLSEAVPVGEASWYINGAAVQPDDSDWTVTADGSHHALLLRSAQPHHAGEVTFACRDAVASARLTVLGLPDPPEDAEVVARSSHTVTLSWAAPMSDGGGGLCGYRVEVKEGATGQWRLCHELVPGPECVVDGLAPGETYRFRVAAVGPVGAGEPVHLPQTVRLAEPPKPVPPQPSAPESRQVAAGEDVSLELEVVAEAGEVIWHKGMERIQPGGRFEVVSQGRQQMLVIKGFTAEDQGEYHCGLAQGSICPAAATFQVALSPASVDEAPQPSLPPEAAQEGDLHLLWEALARKRRMSREPTLDSISELPEEDGRSQRLPQEAEEVAPDLSEGYSTADELARTGDADLSHTSSDDESRAGTPSLVTYLKKAGRPGTSPLASKVGAPAAPSVKPQQQQEPLAAVRPPLGDLSTKDLGDPSMDKAAVKIQAAFKGYKVRKEMKQQEGPMFSHTFGDTEAQVGDALRLECVVASKADVRARWLKDGVELTDGRHHHIDQLGDGTCSLLITGLDRADAGCYTCQVSNKFGQVTHSACVVVSGSESEAESSSGGELDDAFRRAARRLHRLFRTKSPAEVSDEELFLSADEGPAEPEEPADWQTYREDEHFICIRFEALTEARQAVTRFQEMFATLGIGVEIKLVEQGPRRVEMCISKETPAPVVPPEPLPSLLTSDAAPVFLTELQNQEVQDGYPVSFDCVVTGQPMPSVRWFKDGKLLEEDDHYMINEDQQGGHQLIITAVVPADMGVYRCLAENSMGVSSTKAELRVDLTSTDYDTAADATESSSYFSAQGYLSSREQEGTESTTDEGQLPQVVEELRDLQVAPGTRLAKFQLKVKGYPAPRLYWFKDGQPLTASAHIRMTDKKILHTLEIISVTREDSGQYAAYISNAMGAAYSSARLLVRGPDEPEEKPASDVHEQLVPPRMLERFTPKKVKKGSSITFSVKVEGRPVPTVHWLREEAERGVLWIGPDTPGYTVASSAQQHSLVLLDVGRQHQGTYTCIASNAAGQALCSASLHVSGLPKVEEQEKVKEALISTFLQGTTQAISAQGLETASFADLGGQRKEEPLAAKEALGHLSLAEVGTEEFLQKLTSQITEMVSAKITQAKLQVPGGDSDEDSKTPSASPRHGRSRPSSSIQESSSESEDGDARGEIFDIYVVTADYLPLGAEQDAITLREGQYVEVLDAAHPLRWLVRTKPTKSSPSRQGWVSPAYLDRRLKLSPEWGAAEAPEFPGEAVSEDEYKARLSSVIQELLSSEQAFVEELQFLQSHHLQHLERCPHVPIAVAGQKAVIFRNVRDIGRFHSSFLQELQQCDTDDDVAMCFIKNQAAFEQYLEFLVGRVQAESVVVSTAIQEFYKKYAEEALLAGDPSQPPPPPLQHYLEQPVERVQRYQALLKELIRNKARNRQNCALLEQAYAVVSALPQRAENKLHVSLMENYPGTLQALGEPIRQGHFIVWEGAPGARMPWKGHNRHVFLFRNHLVICKPRRDSRTDTVSYVFRNMMKLSSIDLNDQVEGDDRAFEVWQEREDSVRKYLLQARTAIIKSSWVKEICGIQQRLALPVWRPPDFEEELADCTAELGETVKLACRVTGTPKPVISWYKDGKAVQVDPHHILIEDPDGSCALILDSLTGVDSGQYMCFAASAAGNCSTLGKILVQVPPRFVNKVRASPFVEGEDAQFTCTIEGAPYPQIRWYKDGALLTTGNKFQTLSEPRSGLLVLVIRAASKEDLGLYECELVNRLGSARASAELRIQSPMLQAQEQCHREQLVAAVEDTTLERADQEVTSVLKRLLGPKAPGPSTGDLTGPGPCPRGAPALQETGSQPPVTGTSEAPAVPPRVPQPLLHEGPEQEPEAIARAQEWTVPIRMEGAAWPGAGTGELLWDVHSHVVRETTQRTYTYQAIDTHTARPPSMQVTIEDVQAQTGGTAQFEAIIEGDPQPSVTWYKDSVQLVDSTRLSQQQEGTTYSLVLRHVASKDAGVYTCLAQNTGGQVLCKAELLVLGGDNEPDSEKQSHRRKLHSFYEVKEEIGRGVFGFVKRVQHKGNKILCAAKFIPLRSRTRAQAYRERDILAALSHPLVTGLLDQFETRKTLILILELCSSEELLDRLYRKGVVTEAEVKVYIQQLVEGLHYLHSHGVLHLDIKPSNILMVHPAREDIKICDFGFAQNITPAELQFSQYGSPEFVSPEIIQQNPVSEASDIWAMGVISYLSLTCSSPFAGESDRATLLNVLEGRVSWSSPMAAHLSEDAKDFIKATLQRAPQARPSAAQCLSHPWFLKSMPAEEAHFINTKQLKFLLARSRWQRSLMSYKSILVMRSIPELLRGPPDSPSLGVARHLCRDTGGSSSSSSSSDNELAPFARAKSLPPSPVTHSPLLHPRGFLRPSASLPEEAEASERSTEAPAPPASPEGAGPPAAQGCVPRHSVIRSLFYHQAGESPEHGALAPGSRRHPARRRHLLKGGYIAGALPGLREPLMEHRVLEEEAAREEQATLLAKAPSFETALRLPASGTHLAPGHSHSLEHDSPSTPRPSSEACGEAQRLPSAPSGGAPIRDMGHPQGSKQLPSTGGHPGTAQPERPSPDSPWGQPAPFCHPKQGSAPQEGCSPHPAVAPCPPGSFPPGSCKEAPLVPSSPFLGQPQAPPAPAKASPPLDSKMGPGDISLPGRPKPGPCSSPGSASQASSSQVSSLRVGSSQVGTEPGPSLDAEGWTQEAEDLSDSTPTLQRPQEQATMRKFSLGGRGGYAGVAGYGTFAFGGDAGGMLGQGPMWARIAWAVSQSEEEEQEEARAESQSEEQQEARAESPLPQVSARPVPEVGRAPTRSSPEPTPWEDIGQVSLVQIRDLSGDAEAADTISLDISEVDPAYLNLSDLYDIKYLPFEFMIFRKVPKSAQPEPPSPMAEEELAEFPEPTWPWPGELGPHAGLEITEESEDVDALLAEAAVGRKRKWSSPSRSLFHFPGRHLPLDEPAELGLRERVKASVEHISRILKGRPEGLEKEGPPRKKPGLASFRLSGLKSWDRAPTFLRELSDETVVLGQSVTLACQVSAQPAAQATWSKDGAPLESSSRVLISATLKNFQLLTILVVVAEDLGVYTCSVSNALGTVTTTGVLRKAERPSSSPCPDIGEVYADGVLLVWKPVESYGPVTYIVQCSLEGGSWTTLASDIFDCCYLTSKLSRGGTYTFRTACVSKAGMGPYSSPSEQVLLGGPSHLASEEESQGRSAQPLPSTKTFAFQTQIQRGRFSVVRQCWEKASGRALAAKIIPYHPKDKTAVLREYEALKGLRHPHLAQLHAAYLSPRHLVLILELCSGPELLPCLAERASYSESEVKDYLWQMLSATQYLHNQHILHLDLRSENMIITEYNLLKVVDLGNAQSLSQEKVLPSDKFKDYLETMAPELLEGQGAVPQTDIWAIGVTAFIMLSAEYPVSSEGARDLQRGLRKGLVRLSRCYAGLSGGAVAFLRSTLCAQPWGRPCASSCLQCPWLTEEGPACSRPAPVTFPTARLRVFVRNREKRRALLYKRHNLAQVR*
chr1:228306995:G/A:1	chr1	228306995	G|A	1	OBSCN	NM_001271223	84033	coding	14966	14892	4964	A>A	syn	None	MDQPQFSGAPRFLTRPKAFVVSVGKDATLSCQIVGNPTPQVSWEKDQQPVAAGARFRLAQDGDLYRLTILDLALGDSGQYVCRARNAIGEAFAAVGLQVDAEAACAEQAPHFLLRPTSIRVREGSEATFRCRVGGSPRPAVSWSKDGRRLGEPDGPRVRVEELGEASALRIRAARPRDGGTYEVRAENPLGAASAAAALVVDSDAADTASRPGTSTAALLAHLQRRREAMRAEGAPASPPSTGTRTCTVTEGKHARLSCYVTGEPKPETVWKKDGQLVTEGRRHVVYEDAQENFVLKILFCKQSDRGLYTCTASNLVGQTYSSVLVVVREPAVPFKKRLQDLEVREKESATFLCEVPQPSTEAAWFKEETRLWASAKYGIEEEGTERRLTVRNVSADDDAVYICETPEGSRTVAELAVQGNLLRKLPRKTAVRVGDTAMFCVELAVPVGPVHWLRNQEEVVAGGRVAISAEGTRHTLTISQCCLEDVGQVAFMAGDCQTSTQFCVSAPRKPPLQPPVDPVVKARMESSVILSWSPPPHGERPVTIDGYLVEKKKLGTYTWIRCHEAEWVATPELTVADVAEEGNFQFRVSALNSFGQSPYLEFPGTVHLAPKLAVRTPLKAVQAVEGGEVTFSVDLTVASAGEWFLDGQALKASSVYEIHCDRTRHTLTIREVPASLHGAQLKFVANGIESSIRMEVRAAPGLTANKPPAAAAREVLARLHEEAQLLAELSDQAAAVTWLKDGRTLSPGPKYEVQASAGRRVLLVRDVARDDAGLYECVSRGGRIAYQLSVQGLARFLHKDMAGSCVDAVAGGPAQFECETSEAHVHVHWYKDGMELGHSGERFLQEDVGTRHRLVAATVTRQDEGTYSCRVGEDSVDFRLRVSEPKAVFAKEQPACREVQAEVGASATLSCEVAQDQMEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVHVEAVGCMRRLVVQQVGQADSGEYSCEARGQRVSFRLDVAEPKVVFAKEQLARRKLQAEAGASATLSCEVAQAQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVCMEATGCTRRLVVQQAGQADAGEYSCEAGGQRLSFHLDVKEPKVVFAKDQVAHSEVQAEAGASATLSCEVAQAQTEVMWYKDGKKLSSSLKVHVEAKGCRRRLVVQQAGKTDAGDYSCEARGQRVSFRLHITEPKMMFAKEQSVHNEVQAEAGASAMLSCEVAQAQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVGMEVKGCTRRLVLPQAGKADAGEYSCEAGGQRVSFHLHITEPKGVFAKEQSVHNEVQAEAGTTAMLSCEVAQPQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVRMEVKGCTRRLVVQQVGKADAGEYSCEAGGQRVSFQLHITEPKAVFAKEQLVHNEVRTEAGASATLSCEVAQAQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVRIEAAGCMRQLVVQQAGQADAGEYTCEAGGQRLSFHLDVSEPKAVFAKEQLAHRKVQAEAGAIATLSCEVAQAQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVRMEAVGCTRRLVVQQACQADTGEYSCEAGGQRLSFSLDVAEPKVVFAKEQPVHREVQAQAGASTTLSCEVAQAQTEVMWYKDGKKLSFSSKVRMEAVGCTRRLVVQQAGQAVAGEYSCEAGSQRLSFHLHVAEPKAVFAKEQPAHREVQAEAGASATLSCEVAQAQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSLKVHVEAAGCTRRLVVQQAGQADTGEYSCEAGGQQLSFRLQVAEPKAVFAKEQPASREVQAEAGTSATLSCEVAQAQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVRMEAVGCTRRLVVQEAGQADAGEYSCKAGDQRLSFHLHVAEPKVVFAKEQPAHREVQAEAGASATLSCEVAQAQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVRVEAVGCTRRLVVQQAGQAEAGEYSCEAGGQQLSFRLQVAEPKAVFAKEQVVFAKDQPVHREVQAEAGTSTMLSCEVAQAQTEVMWYKDGKKLSSSSKMRVEAVGCTRRLVVQEAGQADAGEYSCEAGGQRLSFHLHVAEPKVVFAKEQPACREVQAEAGASATLSCEVAQGQMEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVHMEASGYTRRLVVQQAGQADAGEYSCEAGGQRLSFRLHVAELEPQISERPCRREPLVVKEHEDIILTATLATPSAATVTWLKDGVEIRRSKRHETASQGDTHTLTVHGAQVLDSAIYSCRVGAEGQDFPVQVEEVAAKFCRLLEPVCGELGGTVTLACELSPACAEVVWRCGNTQLRVGKRFQMVAEGPVRSLTVLGLRAEDAGEYVCESRDDHTSAQLTVSVPRVVKFMSGLSTVVAEEGGEATFQCVVSPSDVAVVWFRDGALLQPSEKFAISQSGASHSLTISDLVLEDAGQITVEAEGASSSAALRVREAPVLFKKKLEPQTVEERSSVTLEVELTRPWPELRWTRNATALAPGKNVEIHAEGARHRLVLHNVGFADRGFFGCETPDDKTQAKLTVEMRQVRLVRGLQAVEAREQGTATMEVQLSHADVDGSWTRDGLRFQQGPTCHLAVRGPMHTLTLSGLRPEDSGLMVFKAEGVHTSARLVVTELPVSFSRPLQDVVTTEKEKVTLECELSRPNVDVRWLKDGVELRAGKTMAIAAQGACRSLTIYRCEFADQGVYVCDAHDAQSSASVKVQGRNIQIVRPLEDVEVMEKDGATFSCEVSHDEVPGQWFWEGSKLRPTDNVRIRQEGRTYTLIYRRVLAEDAGEIQFVAENAESRAQLRVKELPVTLVRPLRDKIAMEKHRGVLECQVSRASAQVRWFKGSQELQPGPKYELVSDGLYRKLIISDVHAEDEDTYTCDAGDVKTSAQFFVEEQSITIVRGLQDVTVMEPAPAWFECETSIPSVRPPKWLLGKTVLQAGGNVGLEQEGTVHRLMLRRTCSTMTGPVHFTVGKSRSSARLVVSDIPVVLTRPLEPKTGRELQSVVLSCDFRPAPKAVQWYKDDTPLSPSEKFKMSLEGQMAELRILRLMPADAGVYRCQAGSAHSSTEVTVEAREVTVTGPLQDAEATEEGWASFSCELSHEDEEVEWSLNGMPLYNDSFHEISHKGRRHTLVLKSIQRADAGIVRASSLKVSTSARLEVRVKPVVFLKALDDLSAEERGTLALQCEVSDPEAHVVWRKDGVQLGPSDKYDFLHTAGTRGLVVHDVSPEDAGLYTCHVGSEETRARVRVHDLHVGITKRLKTMEVLEGESCSFECVLSHESASDPAMWTVGGKTVGSSSRFQATRQGRKYILVVREAAPSDAGEVVFSVRGLTSKASLIVRERPAAIIKPLEDQWVAPGEDVELRCELSRAGTPVHWLKDRKAIRKSQKYDVVCEGTMAMLVIRGASLKDAGEYTCEVEASKSTASLHVEEKANCFTEELTNLQVEEKGTAVFTCKTEHPAATVTWRKGLLELRASGKHQPSQEGLTLRLTISALEKADSDTYTCDIGQAQSRAQLLVQGRRVHIIEDLEDVDVQEGSSATFRCRISPANYEPVHWFLDKTPLHANELNEIDAQPGGYHVLTLRQLALKDSGTIYFEAGDQRASAALRVTEKPSVFSRELTDATITEGEDLTLVCETSTCDIPVCWTKDGKTLRGSARCQLSHEGHRAQLLITGATLQDSGRYKCEAGGACSSSIVRVHARPVRFQEALKDLEVLEGGAATLRCVLSSVAAPVKWCYGNNVLRPGDKYSLRQEGAMLELVVRNLRPQDSGRYSCSFGDQTTSATLTVTALPAQFIGKLRNKEATEGATATLRCELSKAAPVEWRKGSETLRDGDRYCLRQDGAMCELQIRGLAMVDAAEYSCVCGEERTSASLTIRPMPAHFIGRLRHQESIEGATATLRCELSKAAPVEWRKGRESLRDGDRHSLRQDGAVCELQICGLAVADAGEYSCVCGEERTSATLTVKALPAKFTEGLRNEEAVEGATAMLWCELSKVAPVEWRKGPENLRDGDRYILRQEGTRCELQICGLAMADAGEYLCVCGQERTSATLTIRALPARFIEDVKNQEAREGATAVLQCELNSAAPVEWRKGSETLRDGDRYSLRQDGTKCELQIRGLAMADTGEYSCVCGQERTSAMLTVRALPIKFTEGLRNEEATEGATAVLRCELSKMAPVEWWKGHETLRDGDRHSLRQDGARCELQIRGLVAEDAGEYLCMCGKERTSAMLTVRAMPSKFIEGLRNEEATEGDTATLWCELSKAAPVEWRKGHETLRDGDRHSLRQDGSRCELQIRGLAVVDAGEYSCVCGQERTSATLTVRALPARFIEDVKNQEAREGATAVLQCELSKAAPVEWRKGSETLRGGDRYSLRQDGTRCELQIHGLSVADTGEYSCVCGQERTSATLTVRALPARFTQDLKTKEASEGATATLQCELSKVAPVEWKKGPETLRDGGRYSLKQDGTRCELQIHDLSVADAGEYSCMCGQERTSATLTVRALPARFTEGLRNEEAMEGATATLQCELSKAAPVEWRKGLEALRDGDKYSLRQDGAVCELQIHGLAMADNGVYSCVCGQERTSATLTVRALPARFIEDMRNQKATEGATVTLQCKLRKAAPVEWRKGPNTLKDGDRYSLKQDGTSCELQIRGLVIADAGEYSCICEQERTSATLTVRALPARFIEDVRNHEATEGATAVLQCELSKAAPVEWRKGSETLRDGDRYSLRQDGTRCELQIRGLAVEDTGEYLCVCGQERTSATLTVRALPARFIDNMTNQEAREGATATLHCELSKVAPVEWRKGPETLRDGDRHSLRQDGTRCELQIRGLSVADAGEYSCVCGQERTSATLTIRALPAKFTKGLRNEEATEGATAMLQCELSKVAPVEWRKGPETLRDGDRYNLRQDGTRCELQIHGLSVADTGEYSCVCGQEKTSATLTVKAPQPVFREPLQSLQAEEGSTATLQCELSEPTATVVWSKGGLQLQANGRREPRLQGCTAELVLQDLQREDTGEYTCTCGSQATSATLTVTAAPVRFLRELQHQEVDEGGTAHLCCELSRAGASVEWRKGSLQLFPCAKYQMVQDGAAAELLVRGVEQEDAGDYTCDTGHTQSMASLSVRVPRPKFKTRLQSLEQETGDIARLCCQLSDAESGAVVQWLKEGVELHAGPKYEMRSQGATRELLIHQLEAKDTGEYACVTGGQKTAASLRVTEPEVTIVRGLVDAEVTADEDVEFSCEVSRAGATGVQWCLQGLPLQSNEVTEVAVRDGRIHTLRLKGVTPEDAGTVSFHLGNHASSAQLTVRAPEVTILEPLQDVQLSEGQDASFQCRLSRASGQEARWALGGVPLQANEMNDITVEQGTLHLLTLHKVTLEDAGTVSFHVGTCSSEAQLKVTAKNTVVRGLENVEALEGGEALFECQLSQPEVAAHTWLLDDEPVHTSENAEVVFFENGLRHLLLLKNLRPQDSCRVTFLAGDMVTSAFLTVRGWRLEILEPLKNAAVRAGAQACFTCTLSEAVPVGEASWYINGAAVQPDDSDWTVTADGSHHALLLRSAQPHHAGEVTFACRDAVASARLTVLGLPDPPEDAEVVARSSHTVTLSWAAPMSDGGGGLCGYRVEVKEGATGQWRLCHELVPGPECVVDGLAPGETYRFRVAAVGPVGAGEPVHLPQTVRLAEPPKPVPPQPSAPESRQVAAGEDVSLELEVVAEAGEVIWHKGMERIQPGGRFEVVSQGRQQMLVIKGFTAEDQGEYHCGLAQGSICPAAATFQVALSPASVDEAPQPSLPPEAAQEGDLHLLWEALARKRRMSREPTLDSISELPEEDGRSQRLPQEAEEVAPDLSEGYSTADELARTGDADLSHTSSDDESRAGTPSLVTYLKKAGRPGTSPLASKVGAPAAPSVKPQQQQEPLAAVRPPLGDLSTKDLGDPSMDKAAVKIQAAFKGYKVRKEMKQQEGPMFSHTFGDTEAQVGDALRLECVVASKADVRARWLKDGVELTDGRHHHIDQLGDGTCSLLITGLDRADAGCYTCQVSNKFGQVTHSACVVVSGSESEAESSSGGELDDAFRRAARRLHRLFRTKSPAEVSDEELFLSADEGPAEPEEPADWQTYREDEHFICIRFEALTEARQAVTRFQEMFATLGIGVEIKLVEQGPRRVEMCISKETPAPVVPPEPLPSLLTSDAAPVFLTELQNQEVQDGYPVSFDCVVTGQPMPSVRWFKDGKLLEEDDHYMINEDQQGGHQLIITAVVPADMGVYRCLAENSMGVSSTKAELRVDLTSTDYDTAADATESSSYFSAQGYLSSREQEGTESTTDEGQLPQVVEELRDLQVAPGTRLAKFQLKVKGYPAPRLYWFKDGQPLTASAHIRMTDKKILHTLEIISVTREDSGQYAAYISNAMGAAYSSARLLVRGPDEPEEKPASDVHEQLVPPRMLERFTPKKVKKGSSITFSVKVEGRPVPTVHWLREEAERGVLWIGPDTPGYTVASSAQQHSLVLLDVGRQHQGTYTCIASNAAGQALCSASLHVSGLPKVEEQEKVKEALISTFLQGTTQAISAQGLETASFADLGGQRKEEPLAAKEALGHLSLAEVGTEEFLQKLTSQITEMVSAKITQAKLQVPGGDSDEDSKTPSASPRHGRSRPSSSIQESSSESEDGDARGEIFDIYVVTADYLPLGAEQDAITLREGQYVEVLDAAHPLRWLVRTKPTKSSPSRQGWVSPAYLDRRLKLSPEWGAAEAPEFPGEAVSEDEYKARLSSVIQELLSSEQAFVEELQFLQSHHLQHLERCPHVPIAVAGQKAVIFRNVRDIGRFHSSFLQELQQCDTDDDVAMCFIKNQAAFEQYLEFLVGRVQAESVVVSTAIQEFYKKYAEEALLAGDPSQPPPPPLQHYLEQPVERVQRYQALLKELIRNKARNRQNCALLEQAYAVVSALPQRAENKLHVSLMENYPGTLQALGEPIRQGHFIVWEGAPGARMPWKGHNRHVFLFRNHLVICKPRRDSRTDTVSYVFRNMMKLSSIDLNDQVEGDDRAFEVWQEREDSVRKYLLQARTAIIKSSWVKEICGIQQRLALPVWRPPDFEEELADCTAELGETVKLACRVTGTPKPVISWYKDGKAVQVDPHHILIEDPDGSCALILDSLTGVDSGQYMCFAASAAGNCSTLGKILVQVPPRFVNKVRASPFVEGEDAQFTCTIEGAPYPQIRWYKDGALLTTGNKFQTLSEPRSGLLVLVIRAASKEDLGLYECELVNRLGSARASAELRIQSPMLQAQEQCHREQLVAAVEDTTLERADQEVTSVLKRLLGPKAPGPSTGDLTGPGPCPRGAPALQETGSQPPVTGTSEAPAVPPRVPQPLLHEGPEQEPEAIARAQEWTVPIRMEGAAWPGAGTGELLWDVHSHVVRETTQRTYTYQAIDTHTARPPSMQVTIEDVQAQTGGTAQFEAIIEGDPQPSVTWYKDSVQLVDSTRLSQQQEGTTYSLVLRHVASKDAGVYTCLAQNTGGQVLCKAELLVLGGDNEPDSEKQSHRRKLHSFYEVKEEIGRGVFGFVKRVQHKGNKILCAAKFIPLRSRTRAQAYRERDILAALSHPLVTGLLDQFETRKTLILILELCSSEELLDRLYRKGVVTEAEVKVYIQQLVEGLHYLHSHGVLHLDIKPSNILMVHPAREDIKICDFGFAQNITPAELQFSQYGSPEFVSPEIIQQNPVSEASDIWAMGVISYLSLTCSSPFAGESDRATLLNVLEGRVSWSSPMAAHLSEDAKDFIKATLQRAPQARPSAAQCLSHPWFLKSMPAEEAHFINTKQLKFLLARSRWQRSLMSYKSILVMRSIPELLRGPPDSPSLGVARHLCRDTGGSSSSSSSSDNELAPFARAKSLPPSPVTHSPLLHPRGFLRPSASLPEEAEASERSTEAPAPPASPEGAGPPAAQGCVPRHSVIRSLFYHQAGESPEHGALAPGSRRHPARRRHLLKGGYIAGALPGLREPLMEHRVLEEEAAREEQATLLAKAPSFETALRLPASGTHLAPGHSHSLEHDSPSTPRPSSEACGEAQRLPSAPSGGAPIRDMGHPQGSKQLPSTGGHPGTAQPERPSPDSPWGQPAPFCHPKQGSAPQEGCSPHPAVAPCPPGSFPPGSCKEAPLVPSSPFLGQPQAPPAPAKASPPLDSKMGPGDISLPGRPKPGPCSSPGSASQASSSQVSSLRVGSSQVGTEPGPSLDAEGWTQEAEDLSDSTPTLQRPQEQATMRKFSLGGRGGYAGVAGYGTFAFGGDAGGMLGQGPMWARIAWAVSQSEEEEQEEARAESQSEEQQEARAESPLPQVSARPVPEVGRAPTRSSPEPTPWEDIGQVSLVQIRDLSGDAEAADTISLDISEVDPAYLNLSDLYDIKYLPFEFMIFRKVPKSAQPEPPSPMAEEELAEFPEPTWPWPGELGPHAGLEITEESEDVDALLAEAAVGRKRKWSSPSRSLFHFPGRHLPLDEPAELGLRERVKASVEHISRILKGRPEGLEKEGPPRKKPGLASFRLSGLKSWDRAPTFLRELSDETVVLGQSVTLACQVSAQPAAQATWSKDGAPLESSSRVLISATLKNFQLLTILVVVAEDLGVYTCSVSNALGTVTTTGVLRKAERPSSSPCPDIGEVYADGVLLVWKPVESYGPVTYIVQCSLEGGSWTTLASDIFDCCYLTSKLSRGGTYTFRTACVSKAGMGPYSSPSEQVLLGGPSHLASEEESQGRSAQPLPSTKTFAFQTQIQRGRFSVVRQCWEKASGRALAAKIIPYHPKDKTAVLREYEALKGLRHPHLAQLHAAYLSPRHLVLILELCSGPELLPCLAERASYSESEVKDYLWQMLSATQYLHNQHILHLDLRSENMIITEYNLLKVVDLGNAQSLSQEKVLPSDKFKDYLETMELLEGQGAVPQTDIWAIGVTAFIMLSAEYPVSSEGARDLQRGLRKGLVRLSRCYAGLSGGAVAFLRSTLCAQPWGRPCASSCLQCPWLTEEGPACSRPAPVTFPTARLRVFVRNREKRRALLYKRHNLAQVR*
chr1:228306995:G/A:1	chr1	228306995	G|A	1	OBSCN	NM_052843	84033	coding	12095	12021	4007	A>A	syn	None	MDQPQFSGAPRFLTRPKAFVVSVGKDATLSCQIVGNPTPQVSWEKDQQPVAAGARFRLAQDGDLYRLTILDLALGDSGQYVCRARNAIGEAFAAVGLQVDAEAACAEQAPHFLLRPTSIRVREGSEATFRCRVGGSPRPAVSWSKDGRRLGEPDGPRVRVEELGEASALRIRAARPRDGGTYEVRAENPLGAASAAAALVVDSDAADTASRPGTSTAALLAHLQRRREAMRAEGAPASPPSTGTRTCTVTEGKHARLSCYVTGEPKPETVWKKDGQLVTEGRRHVVYEDAQENFVLKILFCKQSDRGLYTCTASNLVGQTYSSVLVVVREPAVPFKKRLQDLEVREKESATFLCEVPQPSTEAAWFKEETRLWASAKYGIEEEGTERRLTVRNVSADDDAVYICETPEGSRTVAELAVQGNLLRKLPRKTAVRVGDTAMFCVELAVPVGPVHWLRNQEEVVAGGRVAISAEGTRHTLTISQCCLEDVGQVAFMAGDCQTSTQFCVSAPRKPPLQPPVDPVVKARMESSVILSWSPPPHGERPVTIDGYLVEKKKLGTYTWIRCHEAEWVATPELTVADVAEEGNFQFRVSALNSFGQSPYLEFPGTVHLAPKLAVRTPLKAVQAVEGGEVTFSVDLTVASAGEWFLDGQALKASSVYEIHCDRTRHTLTIREVPASLHGAQLKFVANGIESSIRMEVRAAPGLTANKPPAAAAREVLARLHEEAQLLAELSDQAAAVTWLKDGRTLSPGPKYEVQASAGRRVLLVRDVARDDAGLYECVSRGGRIAYQLSVQGLARFLHKDMAGSCVDAVAGGPAQFECETSEAHVHVHWYKDGMELGHSGERFLQEDVGTRHRLVAATVTRQDEGTYSCRVGEDSVDFRLRVSEPKVVFAKEQLARRKLQAEAGASATLSCEVAQAQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVCMEATGCTRRLVVQQAGQADAGEYSCEAGGQRLSFHLDVKEPKVVFAKDQVAHSEVQAEAGASATLSCEVAQAQTEVMWYKDGKKLSSSLKVHVEAKGCRRRLVVQQAGKTDAGDYSCEARGQRVSFRLHITEPKMMFAKEQSVHNEVQAEAGASAMLSCEVAQAQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVGMEVKGCTRRLVLPQAGKADAGEYSCEAGGQRVSFHLHITEPKGVFAKEQSVHNEVQAEAGTTAMLSCEVAQPQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVRMEVKGCTRRLVVQQVGKADAGEYSCEAGGQRVSFQLHITEPKAVFAKEQLVHNEVRTEAGASATLSCEVAQAQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVRIEAAGCMRQLVVQQAGQADAGEYTCEAGGQRLSFHLDVSEPKAVFAKEQLAHRKVQAEAGAIATLSCEVAQAQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVRMEAVGCTRRLVVQQACQADTGEYSCEAGGQRLSFSLDVAEPKVVFAKEQPVHREVQAQAGASTTLSCEVAQAQTEVMWYKDGKKLSFSSKVRMEAVGCTRRLVVQQAGQAVAGEYSCEAGSQRLSFHLHVAEPKAVFAKEQPASREVQAEAGTSATLSCEVAQAQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVRMEAVGCTRRLVVQEAGQADAGEYSCKAGDQRLSFHLHVAEPKVVFAKEQPAHREVQAEAGASATLSCEVAQAQTEVTWYKDGKKLSSSSKVRVEAVGCTRRLVVQQAGQAEAGEYSCEAGGQQLSFRLQVAELEPQISERPCRREPLVVKEHEDIILTATLATPSAATVTWLKDGVEIRRSKRHETASQGDTHTLTVHGAQVLDSAIYSCRVGAEGQDFPVQVEEVAAKFCRLLEPVCGELGGTVTLACELSPACAEVVWRCGNTQLRVGKRFQMVAEGPVRSLTVLGLRAEDAGEYVCESRDDHTSAQLTVSVPRVVKFMSGLSTVVAEEGGEATFQCVVSPSDVAVVWFRDGALLQPSEKFAISQSGASHSLTISDLVLEDAGQITVEAEGASSSAALRVREAPVLFKKKLEPQTVEERSSVTLEVELTRPWPELRWTRNATALAPGKNVEIHAEGARHRLVLHNVGFADRGFFGCETPDDKTQAKLTVEMRQVRLVRGLQAVEAREQGTATMEVQLSHADVDGSWTRDGLRFQQGPTCHLAVRGPMHTLTLSGLRPEDSGLMVFKAEGVHTSARLVVTELPVSFSRPLQDVVTTEKEKVTLECELSRPNVDVRWLKDGVELRAGKTMAIAAQGACRSLTIYRCEFADQGVYVCDAHDAQSSASVKVQGRTYTLIYRRVLAEDAGEIQFVAENAESRAQLRVKELPVTLVRPLRDKIAMEKHRGVLECQVSRASAQVRWFKGSQELQPGPKYELVSDGLYRKLIISDVHAEDEDTYTCDAGDVKTSAQFFVEEQSITIVRGLQDVTVMEPAPAWFECETSIPSVRPPKWLLGKTVLQAGGNVGLEQEGTVHRLMLRRTCSTMTGPVHFTVGKSRSSARLVVSDIPVVLTRPLEPKTGRELQSVVLSCDFRPAPKAVQWYKDDTPLSPSEKFKMSLEGQMAELRILRLMPADAGVYRCQAGSAHSSTEVTVEAREVTVTGPLQDAEATEEGWASFSCELSHEDEEVEWSLNGMPLYNDSFHEISHKGRRHTLVLKSIQRADAGIVRASSLKVSTSARLEVRVKPVVFLKALDDLSAEERGTLALQCEVSDPEAHVVWRKDGVQLGPSDKYDFLHTAGTRGLVVHDVSPEDAGLYTCHVGSEETRARVRVHDLHVGITKRLKTMEVLEGESCSFECVLSHESASDPAMWTVGGKTVGSSSRFQATRQGRKYILVVREAAPSDAGEVVFSVRGLTSKASLIVRERPAAIIKPLEDQWVAPGEDVELRCELSRAGTPVHWLKDRKAIRKSQKYDVVCEGTMAMLVIRGASLKDAGEYTCEVEASKSTASLHVEEKANCFTEELTNLQVEEKGTAVFTCKTEHPAATVTWRKGLLELRASGKHQPSQEGLTLRLTISALEKADSDTYTCDIGQAQSRAQLLVQGRRVHIIEDLEDVDVQEGSSATFRCRISPANYEPVHWFLDKTPLHANELNEIDAQPGGYHVLTLRQLALKDSGTIYFEAGDQRASAALRVTEKPSVFSRELTDATITEGEDLTLVCETSTCDIPVCWTKDGKTLRGSARCQLSHEGHRAQLLITGATLQDSGRYKCEAGGACSSSIVRVHARPVRFQEALKDLEVLEGGAATLRCVLSSVAAPVKWCYGNNVLRPGDKYSLRQEGAMLELVVRNLRPQDSGRYSCSFGDQTTSATLTVTALPAQFIGKLRNKEATEGATATLRCELSKAAPVEWRKGSETLRDGDRYCLRQDGAMCELQIRGLAMVDAAEYSCVCGEERTSASLTIRPMPAHFIGRLRHQESIEGATATLRCELSKAAPVEWRKGRESLRDGDRHSLRQDGAVCELQICGLAVADAGEYSCVCGEERTSATLTVKALPAKFTEGLRNEEAVEGATAMLWCELSKVAPVEWRKGPENLRDGDRYILRQEGTRCELQICGLAMADAGEYLCVCGQERTSATLTIRALPARFIEDVKNQEAREGATAVLQCELNSAAPVEWRKGSETLRDGDRYSLRQDGTKCELQIRGLAMADTGEYSCVCGQERTSAMLTVRALPIKFTEGLRNEEATEGATAVLRCELSKMAPVEWWKGHETLRDGDRHSLRQDGARCELQIRGLVAEDAGEYLCMCGKERTSAMLTVRAMPSKFIEGLRNEEATEGDTATLWCELSKAAPVEWRKGHETLRDGDRHSLRQDGSRCELQIRGLAVVDAGEYSCVCGQERTSATLTVRALPARFIEDVKNQEAREGATAVLQCELSKAAPVEWRKGSETLRGGDRYSLRQDGTRCELQIHGLSVADTGEYSCVCGQERTSATLTVRAPQPVFREPLQSLQAEEGSTATLQCELSEPTATVVWSKGGLQLQANGRREPRLQGCTAELVLQDLQREDTGEYTCTCGSQATSATLTVTAAPVRFLRELQHQEVDEGGTAHLCCELSRAGASVEWRKGSLQLFPCAKYQMVQDGAAAELLVRGVEQEDAGDYTCDTGHTQSMASLSVRVPRPKFKTRLQSLEQETGDIARLCCQLSDAESGAVVQWLKEGVELHAGPKYEMRSQGATRELLIHQLEAKDTGEYACVTGGQKTAASLRVTEPEVTIVRGLVDAEVTADEDVEFSCEVSRAGATGVQWCLQGLPLQSNEVTEVAVRDGRIHTLRLKGVTPEDAGTVSFHLGNHASSAQLTVRAPEVTILEPLQDVQLSEGQDASFQCRLSRASGQEARWALGGVPLQANEMNDITVEQGTLHLLTLHKVTLEDAGTVSFHVGTCSSEAQLKVTAKNTVVRGLENVEALEGGEALFECQLSQPEVAAHTWLLDDEPVHTSENAEVVFFENGLRHLLLLKNLRPQDSCRVTFLAGDMVTSAFLTVRGWRLEILEPLKNAAVRAGAQACFTCTLSEAVPVGEASWYINGAAVQPDDSDWTVTADGSHHALLLRSAQPHHAGEVTFACRDAVASARLTVLGLPDPPEDAEVVARSSHTVTLSWAAPMSDGGGGLCGYRVEVKEGATGQWRLCHELVPGPECVVDGLAPGETYRFRVAAVGPVGAGEPVHLPQTVRLAEPPKPVPPQPSAPESRQVAAGEDVSLELEVVAEAGEVIWHKGMERIQPGGRFEVVSQGRQQMLVIKGFTAEDQGEYHCGLAQGSICPAAATFQVALSPASVDEAPQPSLPPEAAQEGDLHLLWEALARKRRMSREPTLDSISELPEEDGRSQRLPQEAEEVAPDLSEGYSTADELARTGDADLSHTSSDDESRAGTPSLVTYLKKAGRPGTSPLASKVGAPAAPSVKPQQQQEPLAAVRPPLGDLSTKDLGDPSMDKAAVKIQAAFKGYKVRKEMKQQEGPMFSHTFGDTEAQVGDALRLECVVASKADVRARWLKDGVELTDGRHHHIDQLGDGTCSLLITGLDRADAGCYTCQVSNKFGQVTHSACVVVSGSESEAESSSGGELDDAFRRAARRLHRLFRTKSPAEVSDEELFLSADEGPAEPEEPADWQTYREDEHFICIRFEALTEARQAVTRFQEMFATLGIGVEIKLVEQGPRRVEMCISKETPAPVVPPEPLPSLLTSDAAPVFLTELQNQEVQDGYPVSFDCVVTGQPMPSVRWFKDGKLLEEDDHYMINEDQQGGHQLIITAVVPADMGVYRCLAENSMGVSSTKAELRVDLTSTDYDTAADATESSSYFSAQGYLSSREQEGTESTTDEGQLPQVVEELRDLQVAPGTRLAKFQLKVKGYPAPRLYWFKDGQPLTASAHIRMTDKKILHTLEIISVTREDSGQYAAYISNAMGAAYSSARLLVRGPDEPEEKPASDVHEQLVPPRMLERFTPKKVKKGSSITFSVKVEGRPVPTVHWLREEAERGVLWIGPDTPGYTVASSAQQHSLVLLDVGRQHQGTYTCIASNAAGQALCSASLHVSGLPKVEEQEKVKEALISTFLQGTTQAISAQGLETASFADLGGQRKEEPLAAKEALGHLSLAEVGTEEFLQKLTSQITEMVSAKITQAKLQVPGGDSDEDSKTPSASPRHGRSRPSSSIQESSSESEDGDARGEIFDIYVVTADYLPLGAEQDAITLREGQYVEVLDAAHPLRWLVRTKPTKSSPSRQGWVSPAYLDRRLKLSPEWGAAEAPEFPGEAVSEDEYKARLSSVIQELLSSEQAFVEELQFLQSHHLQHLERCPHVPIAVAGQKAVIFRNVRDIGRFHSSFLQELQQCDTDDDVAMCFIKNQAAFEQYLEFLVGRVQAESVVVSTAIQEFYKKYAEEALLAGDPSQPPPPPLQHYLEQPVERVQRYQALLKELIRNKARNRQNCALLEQAYAVVSALPQRAENKLHVSLMENYPGTLQALGEPIRQGHFIVWEGAPGARMPWKGHNRHVFLFRNHLVICKPRRDSRTDTVSYVFRNMMKLSSIDLNDQVEGDDRAFEVWQEREDSVRKYLLQARTAIIKSSWVKEICGIQQRLALPVWRPPDFEEELADCTAELGETVKLACRVTGTPKPVISWYKDGKAVQVDPHHILIEDPDGSCALILDSLTGVDSGQYMCFAASAAGNCSTLGKILVQVPPRFVNKVRASPFVEGEDAQFTCTIEGAPYPQIRWYKDGALLTTGNKFQTLSEPRSGLLVLVIRAASKEDLGLYECELVNRLGSARASAELRIQSPMLQAQEQCHREQLVAAVEVTEQETKVPKKTVIIEETITTVVKSPRGQRRSPSKSPSRSPSRCSASPLRPGLLAPDLLYLPGAGQPRRPEAEPGQKPVVPTLYVTEAEAHSPALPGLSGPQPKWVEVEETIEVRVKKMGPQGVSPTTEVPRSSSGHLFTLPGATPGGDPNSNNSNNKLLAQEAWAQGTAMVGVREPLVFRVDARGSVDWAASGMGSLEEEGTMEEAGEEEGEDGDAFVTEESQDTHSLGDRDPKILTHNGRMLTLADLEDYVPGEGETFHCGGPGPGAPDDPPCEVSVIQREIGEPTVGQPVLLSVGHALGPRGPLGLFRPEPRGASPPGPQVRSLEGTSFLLREAPARPVGSAPWTQSFCTRIRRSADSGQSSFTTELSTQTVNFGTVGETVTLHICPDRDGDEAAQP*
chr1:229288550:C/A:1	chr1	229288550	C|A	1	RAB4A	NM_001271998	5867	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7298	None
chr1:229288550:C/A:1	chr1	229288550	C|A	1	RAB4A	NM_004578	5867	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	179	None
chr1:229288550:C/A:1	chr1	229288550	C|A	1	RAB4A	NR_073545	5867	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	179	None
chr1:230757027:A/T:1	chr1	230757027	A|T	1	CAPN9	NM_001319676	10753	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5626	None
chr1:230757027:A/T:1	chr1	230757027	A|T	1	CAPN9	NM_006615	10753	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1621	None
chr1:230757027:A/T:1	chr1	230757027	A|T	1	CAPN9	NM_016452	10753	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1621	None
chr1:231267458:C/A:1	chr1	231267458	C|A	1	GNPAT	NM_001316350	8443	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	222	None
chr1:231267458:C/A:1	chr1	231267458	C|A	1	GNPAT	NM_014236	8443	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	222	None
chr1:233647414:G/T:1	chr1	233647414	G|T	1	KCNK1	NM_002245	3775	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19181	None
chr1:234759418:G/T:1	chr1	234759418	G|T	1	PP2672	NR_148962	100130249	non-coding	639	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr1:237756505:G/T:1	chr1	237756505	G|T	1	RYR2	NM_001035	6262	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	118	None
chr1:237792382:C/T:1	chr1	237792382	C|T	1	RYR2	NM_001035	6262	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chr1:240123487:G/T:1	chr1	240123487	G|T	1	FMN2	NM_001305424	56776	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	142	None
chr1:240123487:G/T:1	chr1	240123487	G|T	1	FMN2	NM_001348094	56776	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	142	None
chr1:240123487:G/T:1	chr1	240123487	G|T	1	FMN2	NM_020066	56776	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	142	None
chr1:246034686:C/T:1	chr1	246034686	C|T	1	SMYD3	NM_001167740	64754	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104749	None
chr1:246034686:C/T:1	chr1	246034686	C|T	1	SMYD3	NM_022743	64754	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104749	None
chr10:415595:G/T:1	chr10	415595	G|T	1	DIP2C	NM_014974	22982	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	174	None
chr10:5921747:G/T:1	chr10	5921747	G|T	1	FBH1	NM_001258452	84893	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	178	None
chr10:5921747:G/T:1	chr10	5921747	G|T	1	FBH1	NM_001258453	84893	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	178	None
chr10:5921747:G/T:1	chr10	5921747	G|T	1	FBH1	NM_032807	84893	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	178	None
chr10:5921747:G/T:1	chr10	5921747	G|T	1	FBH1	NM_178150	84893	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	178	None
chr10:7566110:G/A:1	chr10	7566110	G|A	1	ITIH5	NM_030569	80760	coding	2521	2447	816	P>L	nonsyn	None	MLLLLGLCLGLSLCVGSQEEAQSWGHSSEQDGLRVPRQVRLLQRLKTKPLMTEFSVKSTIISRYAFTTVSCRMLNRASEDQDIEFQMQIPAAAFITNFTMLIGDKVYQGEITEREKKSGDRVKEKRNKTTEENGEKGTEIFRASAVIPSKDKAAFFLSYEELLQRRLGKYEHSISVRPQQLSGRLSVDVNILESAGIASLEVLPLHNSRQRGSGRGEDDSGPPPSTVINQNETFANIIFKPTVVQQARIAQNGILGDFIIRYDVNREQSIGDIQVLNGYFVHYFAPKDLPPLPKNVVFVLDSSASMVGTKLRQTKDALFTILHDLRPQDRFSIIGFSNRIKVWKDHLISVTPDSIRDGKVYIHHMSPTGGTDINGALQRAIRLLNKYVAHSGIGDRSVSLIVFLTDGKPTVGETHTLKILNNTREAARGQVCIFTIGIGNDVDFRLLEKLSLENCGLTRRVHEEEDAGSQLIGFYDEIRTPLLSDIRIDYPPSSVVQATKTLFPNYFNGSEIIIAGKLVDRKLDHLHVEVTASNSKKFIILKTDVPVRPQKAGKDVTGSPRPGGDGEGDTNHIERLWSYLTTKELLSSWLQSDDEPEKERLRQRAQALAVSYRFLTPFTSMKLRGPVPRMDGLEEAHGMSAAMGPEPVVQSVRGAGTQPGPLLKKPYQPRIKISKTSVDGDPHFVVDFPLSRLTVCFNIDGQPGDILRLVSDHRDSGVTVNGELIGAPAPPNGHKKQRTYLRTITILINKPERSYLEITPSRVILDGGDRLVLPCNQSVVVGSWGLEVSVSANANVTVTIQGSIAFVILIHLYKKPAPFQRHHLGFYIANSEGLSSNCHGLLGQFLNQDARLTEDPAGPSQNLTHPLLLQVGEGPEAVLTVKGHQVPVVWKQRKIYNGEEQIDCWFARNNAAKLIDGEYKDYLASHPFDTGMTLGRGMSREL*|MLLLLGLCLGLSLCVGSQEEAQSWGHSSEQDGLRVPRQVRLLQRLKTKPLMTEFSVKSTIISRYAFTTVSCRMLNRASEDQDIEFQMQIPAAAFITNFTMLIGDKVYQGEITEREKKSGDRVKEKRNKTTEENGEKGTEIFRASAVIPSKDKAAFFLSYEELLQRRLGKYEHSISVRPQQLSGRLSVDVNILESAGIASLEVLPLHNSRQRGSGRGEDDSGPPPSTVINQNETFANIIFKPTVVQQARIAQNGILGDFIIRYDVNREQSIGDIQVLNGYFVHYFAPKDLPPLPKNVVFVLDSSASMVGTKLRQTKDALFTILHDLRPQDRFSIIGFSNRIKVWKDHLISVTPDSIRDGKVYIHHMSPTGGTDINGALQRAIRLLNKYVAHSGIGDRSVSLIVFLTDGKPTVGETHTLKILNNTREAARGQVCIFTIGIGNDVDFRLLEKLSLENCGLTRRVHEEEDAGSQLIGFYDEIRTPLLSDIRIDYPPSSVVQATKTLFPNYFNGSEIIIAGKLVDRKLDHLHVEVTASNSKKFIILKTDVPVRPQKAGKDVTGSPRPGGDGEGDTNHIERLWSYLTTKELLSSWLQSDDEPEKERLRQRAQALAVSYRFLTPFTSMKLRGPVPRMDGLEEAHGMSAAMGPEPVVQSVRGAGTQPGPLLKKPYQPRIKISKTSVDGDPHFVVDFPLSRLTVCFNIDGQPGDILRLVSDHRDSGVTVNGELIGAPAPPNGHKKQRTYLRTITILINKPERSYLEITPSRVILDGGDRLVLPCNQSVVVGSWGLEVSVSANANVTVTIQGSIAFVILIHLYKKLAPFQRHHLGFYIANSEGLSSNCHGLLGQFLNQDARLTEDPAGPSQNLTHPLLLQVGEGPEAVLTVKGHQVPVVWKQRKIYNGEEQIDCWFARNNAAKLIDGEYKDYLASHPFDTGMTLGRGMSREL*
chr10:7566110:G/A:1	chr10	7566110	G|A	1	ITIH5	NM_032817	80760	coding	1888	1805	602	P>L	nonsyn	None	MRNYDSGPPPSTVINQNETFANIIFKPTVVQQARIAQNGILGDFIIRYDVNREQSIGDIQVLNGYFVHYFAPKDLPPLPKNVVFVLDSSASMVGTKLRQTKDALFTILHDLRPQDRFSIIGFSNRIKVWKDHLISVTPDSIRDGKVYIHHMSPTGGTDINGALQRAIRLLNKYVAHSGIGDRSVSLIVFLTDGKPTVGETHTLKILNNTREAARGQVCIFTIGIGNDVDFRLLEKLSLENCGLTRRVHEEEDAGSQLIGFYDEIRTPLLSDIRIDYPPSSVVQATKTLFPNYFNGSEIIIAGKLVDRKLDHLHVEVTASNSKKFIILKTDVPVRPQKAGKDVTGSPRPGGDGEGDTNHIERLWSYLTTKELLSSWLQSDDEPEKERLRQRAQALAVSYRFLTPFTSMKLRGPVPRMDGLEEAHGMSAAMGPEPVVQSVRGAGTQPGPLLKKPYQPRIKISKTSVDGDPHFVVDFPLSRLTVCFNIDGQPGDILRLVSDHRDSGVTVNGELIGAPAPPNGHKKQRTYLRTITILINKPERSYLEITPSRVILDGGDRLVLPCNQSVVVGSWGLEVSVSANANVTVTIQGSIAFVILIHLYKKPAPFQRHHLGFYIANSEGLSSNCHGLLGQFLNQDARLTEDPAGPSQNLTHPLLLQVGEGPEAVLTVKGHQVPVVWKQRKIYNGEEQIDCWFARNNAAKLIDGEYKDYLASHPFDTGMTLGRGMSREL*|MRNYDSGPPPSTVINQNETFANIIFKPTVVQQARIAQNGILGDFIIRYDVNREQSIGDIQVLNGYFVHYFAPKDLPPLPKNVVFVLDSSASMVGTKLRQTKDALFTILHDLRPQDRFSIIGFSNRIKVWKDHLISVTPDSIRDGKVYIHHMSPTGGTDINGALQRAIRLLNKYVAHSGIGDRSVSLIVFLTDGKPTVGETHTLKILNNTREAARGQVCIFTIGIGNDVDFRLLEKLSLENCGLTRRVHEEEDAGSQLIGFYDEIRTPLLSDIRIDYPPSSVVQATKTLFPNYFNGSEIIIAGKLVDRKLDHLHVEVTASNSKKFIILKTDVPVRPQKAGKDVTGSPRPGGDGEGDTNHIERLWSYLTTKELLSSWLQSDDEPEKERLRQRAQALAVSYRFLTPFTSMKLRGPVPRMDGLEEAHGMSAAMGPEPVVQSVRGAGTQPGPLLKKPYQPRIKISKTSVDGDPHFVVDFPLSRLTVCFNIDGQPGDILRLVSDHRDSGVTVNGELIGAPAPPNGHKKQRTYLRTITILINKPERSYLEITPSRVILDGGDRLVLPCNQSVVVGSWGLEVSVSANANVTVTIQGSIAFVILIHLYKKLAPFQRHHLGFYIANSEGLSSNCHGLLGQFLNQDARLTEDPAGPSQNLTHPLLLQVGEGPEAVLTVKGHQVPVVWKQRKIYNGEEQIDCWFARNNAAKLIDGEYKDYLASHPFDTGMTLGRGMSREL*
chr10:12423343:A/G:1	chr10	12423343	A|G	1	CAMK1D	NM_020397	57118	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	73433	None
chr10:12423343:A/G:1	chr10	12423343	A|G	1	CAMK1D	NM_153498	57118	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	73433	None
chr10:12423343:A/G:1	chr10	12423343	A|G	1	CAMK1D	NM_001351032	57118	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19974	None
chr10:13591354:A/G:1	chr10	13591354	A|G	1	PRPF18	NM_003675	8559	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4202	None
chr10:15096830:C/A:1	chr10	15096830	C|A	1	RPP38	NM_001097590	10557	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr10:15096830:C/A:1	chr10	15096830	C|A	1	RPP38	NM_001265601	10557	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr10:15096830:C/A:1	chr10	15096830	C|A	1	RPP38	NM_006414	10557	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr10:15096830:C/A:1	chr10	15096830	C|A	1	RPP38	NM_183005	10557	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr10:15096830:C/A:1	chr10	15096830	C|A	1	RPP38-DT	NR_160789	221060	non-coding	269	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr10:15275784:A/G:1	chr10	15275784	A|G	1	FAM171A1	NM_001010924	221061	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr10:17660650:A/C:1	chr10	17660650	A|C	1	STAM	NM_001324283	8027	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	16271	None
chr10:17660650:A/C:1	chr10	17660650	A|C	1	STAM	NM_001324289	8027	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	16271	None
chr10:17660650:A/C:1	chr10	17660650	A|C	1	STAM	NM_001324286	8027	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	16271	None
chr10:17660650:A/C:1	chr10	17660650	A|C	1	STAM	NM_001324284	8027	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	102	None
chr10:17660650:A/C:1	chr10	17660650	A|C	1	STAM	NM_001324285	8027	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	102	None
chr10:17660650:A/C:1	chr10	17660650	A|C	1	STAM	NM_001324282	8027	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	102	None
chr10:17660650:A/C:1	chr10	17660650	A|C	1	STAM	NM_001324288	8027	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	102	None
chr10:17660650:A/C:1	chr10	17660650	A|C	1	STAM	NM_003473	8027	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	102	None
chr10:17660650:A/C:1	chr10	17660650	A|C	1	STAM	NM_001324287	8027	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	102	None
chr10:18448206:G/A:1	chr10	18448206	G|A	1	CACNB2	NM_000724	783	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46163	None
chr10:18448206:G/A:1	chr10	18448206	G|A	1	CACNB2	NM_001167945	783	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46163	None
chr10:18448206:G/A:1	chr10	18448206	G|A	1	CACNB2	NM_001330060	783	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46163	None
chr10:18448206:G/A:1	chr10	18448206	G|A	1	CACNB2	NM_201570	783	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46163	None
chr10:18448206:G/A:1	chr10	18448206	G|A	1	CACNB2	NM_201571	783	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46163	None
chr10:18448206:G/A:1	chr10	18448206	G|A	1	CACNB2	NM_201572	783	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46163	None
chr10:18448206:G/A:1	chr10	18448206	G|A	1	CACNB2	NM_201590	783	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46163	None
chr10:18448206:G/A:1	chr10	18448206	G|A	1	CACNB2	NM_201593	783	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46163	None
chr10:18448206:G/A:1	chr10	18448206	G|A	1	CACNB2	NM_201596	783	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46163	None
chr10:18448206:G/A:1	chr10	18448206	G|A	1	CACNB2	NM_201597	783	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46163	None
chr10:26650828:C/G:1	chr10	26650828	C|G	1	FAM238B	NR_026794	731789	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	37	None
chr10:27112141:C/T:1	chr10	27112141	C|T	1	YME1L1	NM_001253866	10730	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr10:27112141:C/T:1	chr10	27112141	C|T	1	YME1L1	NM_014263	10730	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr10:27112141:C/T:1	chr10	27112141	C|T	1	YME1L1	NM_139312	10730	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr10:29421708:A/T:1	chr10	29421708	A|T	1	SVIL-AS1	NR_110920	102724316	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6296	None
chr10:29421708:A/T:1	chr10	29421708	A|T	1	SVIL-AS1	NR_110925	102724316	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6296	None
chr10:29421708:A/T:1	chr10	29421708	A|T	1	SVIL-AS1	NR_110926	102724316	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6296	None
chr10:29421708:A/T:1	chr10	29421708	A|T	1	SVIL-AS1	NR_110928	102724316	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6296	None
chr10:29421708:A/T:1	chr10	29421708	A|T	1	SVIL-AS1	NR_110929	102724316	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6296	None
chr10:29421708:A/T:1	chr10	29421708	A|T	1	SVIL-AS1	NR_110921	102724316	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6296	None
chr10:29421708:A/T:1	chr10	29421708	A|T	1	SVIL-AS1	NR_110922	102724316	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6296	None
chr10:29421708:A/T:1	chr10	29421708	A|T	1	SVIL-AS1	NR_110927	102724316	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6296	None
chr10:29421708:A/T:1	chr10	29421708	A|T	1	SVIL-AS1	NR_110923	102724316	non-coding	1425	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr10:29421708:A/T:1	chr10	29421708	A|T	1	SVIL-AS1	NR_003930	102724316	non-coding	1399	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr10:29421708:A/T:1	chr10	29421708	A|T	1	SVIL-AS1	NR_110924	102724316	non-coding	1424	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr10:48800604:G/T:1	chr10	48800604	G|T	1	WDFY4	NM_020945	57705	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2682	None
chr10:49662454:G/A:1	chr10	49662454	G|A	1	CHAT	NM_001142929	1103	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	191	None
chr10:49662454:G/A:1	chr10	49662454	G|A	1	CHAT	NM_001142933	1103	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	191	None
chr10:49662454:G/A:1	chr10	49662454	G|A	1	CHAT	NM_001142934	1103	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	191	None
chr10:49662454:G/A:1	chr10	49662454	G|A	1	CHAT	NM_020549	1103	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	191	None
chr10:49662454:G/A:1	chr10	49662454	G|A	1	CHAT	NM_020984	1103	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	191	None
chr10:49662454:G/A:1	chr10	49662454	G|A	1	CHAT	NM_020985	1103	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	191	None
chr10:49662454:G/A:1	chr10	49662454	G|A	1	CHAT	NM_020986	1103	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	191	None
chr10:50087095:T/C:1	chr10	50087095	T|C	1	WASHC2A	NM_001005751	387680	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	180	None
chr10:50087095:T/C:1	chr10	50087095	T|C	1	WASHC2A	NM_001291398	387680	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	180	None
chr10:50087095:T/C:1	chr10	50087095	T|C	1	WASHC2A	NM_001330102	387680	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	180	None
chr10:60685310:G/A:1	chr10	60685310	G|A	1	ANK3	NM_001204403	288	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	47953	None
chr10:63215138:A/G:1	chr10	63215138	A|G	1	JMJD1C	NM_001282948	221037	coding	1257	483	161	G>G	syn	None	MQGPYSLNGYRVRVYRQDSATQWFTGIITHHDLFTRTMIVMNDQVLEPQNVDPSMVQMTFLDDVVHSLLKGENIGITSRRRSRANQNVNAVHSHYTRAQANSPRPAMNSQAAVPKQNTHQQQQQRSIRPNKRKGSDSSIPDEEKMKEEKYDYISRGENPKGKNKHLMNKRRKPEEDEKKLNMKRLRTDNVSDFSESSDSENSNKRIIDNSSEQKPENELKNKNTSKINGEEGKPHNNEKAGEETLKNSQPPWDQIQEDKKHEEAEKRKSVDTQLQEDMIIHSSEQSTVSDHNSNDLLPQECNMDKTHTMELLPKEKFVSRPPTPKCVIDITNDTNLEKVAQENSSTFGLQTLQKMDPNVSDSKHSIANAKFLETAKKDSDQSWVSDVVKVDLTQSSVTNASSGNDHLNMEKEKYVSYISPLSAVSVMEDKLHKRSPPPETIKSKLNTSVDTHKIKSSPSPEVVKPKITHSPDSVKSKATYVNSQATGERRLANKIEHELSRCSFHPIPTRSSTLETTKSPLIIDKNEHFTVYRDPALIGSETGANHISPFLSQHPFPLHSSSHRTCLNPGTHHPALTPAPHLLAGSSSQTPLPTINTHPLTSGPHHAVHHPHLLPTVLPGVPTASLLGGHPRLESAHASSLSHLALAHQQQQQLLQHQSPHLLGQAHPSASYNQLGLYPIIWQYPNGTHAYSGLGLPSSKWVHPENAVNAEASLRRNSPSPWLHQPTPVTSADGIGLLSHIPVRPSSAEPHRPLKITAHSSPPLTKTLVDHHKEELERKAFMEPLRSVASTSAKNDLDLNRSQTGKDCHLHRHFVDPVLNQLQRPPQETGERLNKYKEEHRRILQESIDVAPFTTKIKGLEGERENYSRVASSSSSPKSHIIKQDMDVERSVSDLYKMKHSVPQSLPQSNYFTTLSNSVVNEPPRSYPSKEVSNIYGDKQSNALAAAAANPQTLTSFITSLSKPPPLIKHQPESEGLVGKIPEHLPHQIASHSVTTFRNDCRSPTHLTVSSTNTLRSMPALHRAPVFHPPIHHSLERKEGSYSSLSPPTLTPVMPVNAGGKVQESQKPPTLIPEPKDSQANFKSSSEQSLTEMWRPNNNLSKEKTEWHVEKSSGKLQAAMASVIVRPSSSTKTDSMPAMQLASKDRVSERSSAGAHKTDCLKLAEAGETGRIILPNVNSDSVHTKSEKNFQAVSQGSVPSSVMSAVNTMCNTKTDVITSAADTTSVSSWGGSEVISSLSNTILASTSSECVSSKSVSQPVAQKQECKVSTTAPVTLASSKTGSVVQPSSGFSGTTDFIHLKKHKAALAAAQYKSSNASETEPNAIKNQTLSASLPLDSTVICSTINKANSVGNGQASQTSQPNYHTKLKKAWLTRHSEEDKNTNKMENSGNSVSEIIKPCSVNLIASTSSDIQNSVDSKIIVDKYVKDDKVNRRKAKRTYESGSESGDSDESESKSEQRTKRQPKPTYKKKQNDLQKRKGEIEEDLKPNGVLSRSAKERSKLKLQSNSNTGIPRSVLKDWRKVKKLKQTGESFLQDDSCCEIGPNLQKCRECRLIRSKKGEEPAHSPVFCRFYYFRRLSFSKNGVVRIDGFSSPDQYDDEAMSLWTHENFEDDELDIETSKYILDIIGDKFCQLVTSEKTALSWVKKDAKIAWKRAVRGVREMCDACEATLFNIHWVCQKCGFVVCLDCYKAKERKSSRDKELYAWMKCVKGQPHDHKHLMPTQIIPGSVLTDLLDAMHTLREKYGIKSHCHCTNKQNLQVGNFPTMNGVSQVLQNVLNHSNKISLCMPESQQQNTPPKSEKNGGSSPESDVGTDNKLTPPESQSPLHWLADLAEQKAREEKKENKELTLENQIKEEREQDNSESPNGRTSPLVSQNNEQGSTLRDLLTTTAGKLRVGSTDAGIAFAPVYSMGAPSSKSGRTMPNILDDIIASVVENKIPPSKTSKINVKPELKEEPEESIISAVDENNKLYSDIPHSWICEKHILWLKDYKNSSNWKLFKECWKQGQPAVVSGVHKKMNISLWKAESISLDFGDHQADLLNCKDSIISNANVKEFWDGFEEVSKRQKNKSGETVVLKLKDWPSGEDFKTMMPARYEDLLKSLPLPEYCNPEGKFNLASHLPGFFVRPDLGPRLCSAYGVVAAKDHDIGTTNLHIEVSDVVNILVYVGIAKGNGILSKAGILKKFEEEDLDDILRKRLKDSSEIPGALWHIYAGKDVDKIREFLQKISKEQGLEVLPEHDPIRDQSWYVNKKLRQRLLEEYGVRTCTLIQFLGDAIVLPAGALHQVQNFHSCIQVTEDFVSPEHLVESFHLTQELRLLKEEINYDDKLQVKNILYHAVKEMVRALKIHEDEVEDMEEN*
chr10:63215138:A/G:1	chr10	63215138	A|G	1	JMJD1C	NM_001318153	221037	coding	1261	165	55	G>G	syn	None	MNSQAAVPKQNTHQQQQQRSIRPNKRKGSDSSIPDEEKMKEEKYDYISRGENPKGKNKHLMNKRRKPEEDEKKLNMKRLRTDNVSDFSESSDSENSNKRIIDNSSEQKPENELKNKNTSKINGEEGKPHNNEKAGEETLKNSQPPWDQIQEDKKHEEAEKRKSVDTQLQEDMIIHSSEQSTVSDHNSNDLLPQECNMDKTHTMELLPKEKFVSRPPTPKCVIDITNDTNLEKVAQENSSTFGLQTLQKMDPNVSDSKHSIANAKFLETAKKDSDQSWVSDVVKVDLTQSSVTNASSGNDHLNMEKEKYVSYISPLSAVSVMEDKLHKRSPPPETIKSKLNTSVDTHKIKSSPSPEVVKPKITHSPDSVKSKATYVNSQATGERRLANKIEHELSRCSFHPIPTRSSTLETTKSPLIIDKNEHFTVYRDPALIGSETGANHISPFLSQHPFPLHSSSHRTCLNPGTHHPALTPAPHLLAGSSSQTPLPTINTHPLTSGPHHAVHHPHLLPTVLPGVPTASLLGGHPRLESAHASSLSHLALAHQQQQQLLQHQSPHLLGQAHPSASYNQLGLYPIIWQYPNGTHAYSGLGLPSSKWVHPENAVNAEASLRRNSPSPWLHQPTPVTSADGIGLLSHIPVRPSSAEPHRPLKITAHSSPPLTKTLVDHHKEELERKAFMEPLRSVASTSAKNDLDLNRSQTGKDCHLHRHFVDPVLNQLQRPPQETGERLNKYKEEHRRILQESIDVAPFTTKIKGLEGERENYSRVASSSSSPKSHIIKQDMDVERSVSDLYKMKHSVPQSLPQSNYFTTLSNSVVNEPPRSYPSKEVSNIYGDKQSNALAAAAANPQTLTSFITSLSKPPPLIKHQPESEGLVGKIPEHLPHQIASHSVTTFRNDCRSPTHLTVSSTNTLRSMPALHRAPVFHPPIHHSLERKEGSYSSLSPPTLTPVMPVNAGGKVQESQKPPTLIPEPKDSQANFKSSSEQSLTEMWRPNNNLSKEKTEWHVEKSSGKLQAAMASVIVRPSSSTKTDSMPAMQLASKDRVSERSSAGAHKTDCLKLAEAGETGRIILPNVNSDSVHTKSEKNFQAVSQGSVPSSVMSAVNTMCNTKTDVITSAADTTSVSSWGGSEVISSLSNTILASTSSECVSSKSVSQPVAQKQECKVSTTAPVTLASSKTGSVVQPSSGFSGTTDFIHLKKHKAALAAAQYKSSNASETEPNAIKNQTLSASLPLDSTVICSTINKANSVGNGQASQTSQPNYHTKLKKAWLTRHSEEDKNTNKMENSGNSVSEIIKPCSVNLIASTSSDIQNSVDSKIIVDKYVKDDKVNRRKAKRTYESGSESGDSDESESKSEQRTKRQPKPTYKKKQNDLQKRKGEIEEDLKPNGVLSRSAKERSKLKLQSNSNTGIPRSVLKDWRKVKKLKQTGESFLQDDSCCEIGPNLQKCRECRLIRSKKGEEPAHSPVFCRFYYFRRLSFSKNGVVRIDGFSSPDQYDDEAMSLWTHENFEDDELDIETSKYILDIIGDKFCQLVTSEKTALSWVKKDAKIAWKRAVRGVREMCDACEATLFNIHWVCQKCGFVVCLDCYKAKERKSSRDKELYAWMKCVKGQPHDHKHLMPTQIIPGSVLTDLLDAMHTLREKYGIKSHCHCTNKQNLQVGNFPTMNGVSQVLQNVLNHSNKISLCMPESQQQNTPPKSEKNGGSSPESDVGTDNKLTPPESQSPLHWLADLAEQKAREEKKENKELTLENQIKEEREQDNSESPNGRTSPLVSQNNEQGSTLRDLLTTTAGKLRVGSTDAGIAFAPVYSMGAPSSKSGRTMPNILDDIIASVVENKIPPSKTSKINVKPELKEEPEESIISAVDENNKLYSDIPHSWICEKHILWLKDYKNSSNWKLFKECWKQGQPAVVSGVHKKMNISLWKAESISLDFGDHQADLLNCKDSIISNANVKEFWDGFEEVSKRQKNKSGETVVLKLKDWPSGEDFKTMMPARYEDLLKSLPLPEYCNPEGKFNLASHLPGFFVRPDLGPRLCSAYGVVAAKDHDIGTTNLHIEVSDVVNILVYVGIAKGNGILSKAGILKKFEEEDLDDILRKRLKDSSEIPGALWHIYAGKDVDKIREFLQKISKEQGLEVLPEHDPIRDQSWYVNKKLRQRLLEEYGVRTCTLIQFLGDAIVLPAGALHQVQNFHSCIQVTEDFVSPEHLVESFHLTQELRLLKEEINYDDKLQVKNILYHAVKEMVRALKIHEDEVEDMEEN*
chr10:63215138:A/G:1	chr10	63215138	A|G	1	JMJD1C	NM_001318154	221037	coding	1199	483	161	G>G	syn	None	MQGPYSLNGYRVRVYRQDSATQWFTGIITHHDLFTRTMIVMNDQVLEPQNVDPSMVQMTFLDDVVHSLLKGENIGITSRRRSRANQNVNAVHSHYTRAQANSPRPAMNSQAAVPKQNTHQQQQQRSIRPNKRKGSDSSIPDEEKMKEEKYDYISRGENPKGKNKHLMNKRRKPEEDEKKLNMKRLRTDNVSDFSESSDSENSNKRIIDNSSEQKPENELKNKNTSKINGEEGKPHNNEKAGEETLKNSQPPWDQIQEDKKHEEAEKRKSVDTQLQEDMIIHSSEQSTVSDHNSNDLLPQECNMDKTHTMELLPKEKFVSRPPTPKCVIDITNDTNLEKVAQENSSTFGLQTLQKMDPNVSDSKHSIANAKFLETAKKDSDQSWVSDVVKVDLTQSSVTNASSGNDHLNMEKEKYVSYISPLSAVSVMEDKLHKRSPPPETIKSKLNTSVDTHKIKSSPSPEVVKPKITHSPDSVKSKATYVNSQATGERRLANKIEHELSRCSFHPIPTRSSTLETTKSPLIIDKNEHFTVYRDPALIGSETGANHISPFLSQHPFPLHSSSHRTCLNPGTHHPALTPAPHLLAGSSSQTPLPTINTHPLTSGPHHAVHHPHLLPTVLPGVPTASLLGGHPRLESAHASSLSHLALAHQQQQQLLQHQSPHLLGQAHPSASYNQLGLYPIIWQYPNGTHAYSGLGLPSSKWVHPENAVNAEASLRRNSPSPWLHQPTPVTSADGIGLLSHIPVRPSSAEPHRPLKITAHSSPPLTKTLVDHHKEELERKAFMEPLRSVASTSAKNDLDLNRSQTGKDCHLHRHFVDPVLNQLQRPPQETGERLNKYKEEHRRILQESIDVAPFTTKIKGLEGERENYSRVASSSSSPKSHIIKQDMDVERSVSDLYKMKHSVPQSLPQSNYFTTLSNSVVNEPPRSYPSKEVSNIYGDKQSNALAAAAANPQTLTSFITSLSKPPPLIKHQPESEGLVGKIPEHLPHQIASHSVTTFRNDCRSPTHLTVSSTNTLRSMPALHRAPVFHPPIHHSLERKEGSYSSLSPPTLTPVMPVNAGGKVQESQKPPTLIPEPKDSQANFKSSSEQSLTEMWRPNNNLSKEKTEWHVEKSSGKLQAAMASVIVRPSSSTKTDSMPAMQLASKDRVSERSSAGAHKTDCLKLAEAGETGRIILPNVNSDSVHTKSEKNFQAVSQGSVPSSVMSAVNTMCNTKTDVITSAADTTSVSSWGGSEVISSLSNTILASTSSECVSSKSVSQPVAQKQECKVSTTAPVTLASSKTGSVVQPSSGFSGTTDFIHLKKHKAALAAAQYKSSNASETEPNAIKNQTLSASLPLDSTVICSTINKANSVGNGQASQTSQPNYHTKLKKAWLTRHSEEDKNTNKMENSGNSVSEIIKPCSVNLIASTSSDIQNSVDSKIIVDKYVKDDKVNRRKAKRTYESGSESGDSDESESKSEQRTKRQPKPTYKKKQNDLQKRKGEIEEDLKPNGVLSRSAKERSKLKLQSNSNTGIPRSVLKDWRKVKKLKQTGESFLQDDSCCEIGPNLQKCRECRLIRSKKGEEPAHSPVFCRFYYFRRLSFSKNGVVRIDGFSSPDQYDDEAMSLWTHENFEDDELDIETSKYILDIIGDKFCQLVTSEKTALSWVKKDAKIAWKRAVRGVREMCDACEATLFNIHWVCQKCGFVVCLDCYKAKERKSSRDKELYAWMKCVKGQPHDHKHLMPTQIIPGSVLTDLLDAMHTLREKYGIKSHCHCTNKQNLQVGNFPTMNGVSQVLQNVLNHSNKISLCMPESQQQNTPPKSEKNGGSSPESDVGTDNKLTPPESQSPLHWLADLAEQKAREEKKENKELTLENQIKEEREQDNSESPNGRTSPLVSQNNEQGSTLRDLLTTTAGKLRVGSTDAGIAFAPVYSMGAPSSKSGRTMPNILDDIIASVVENKIPPSKTSKINVKPELKEEPEESIISAVDENNKLYSDIPHSWICEKHILWLKDYKNSSNWKLFKECWKQGQPAVVSGVHKKMNISLWKAESISLDFGDHQADLLNCKDSIISNANVKEFWDGFEEVSKRQKNKSGETVVLKLKDWPSGEDFKTMMPARYEDLLKSLPLPEYCNPEGKFNLASHLPGFFVRPDLGPRLCSAYGVVAAKDHDIGTTNLHIEVSDVVNILVYVGIAKGNGILSKAGILKKFEEEDLDDILRKRLKDSSEIPGALWHIYAGKDVDKIREFLQKISKEQGLEVLPEHDPIRDQSWYVNKKLRQRLLEEYGVRTCTLIQFLGDAIVLPAGALHQVQNFHSCIQVTEDFVSPEHLVESFHLTQELRLLKEEINYDDKLQVKNILYHAVKEMVRALKIHEDEVEDMEEN*
chr10:63215138:A/G:1	chr10	63215138	A|G	1	JMJD1C	NM_001322252	221037	coding	1254	915	305	G>G	syn	None	MAVETRAELVGKRFLCVAVGDEARSERWESGRGWRSWRAGVIRAVSHRDSRNPDLAVYVEFDDLEWDKREWVKVYEDFSTFLVEYHLIWAKRNDPSQTQGSKSKQIQWPALDDIDSLNPVLRDNPQLHEEVKVWVKEQKVQEIFMQGPYSLNGYRVRVYRQDSATQWFTGIITHHDLFTRTMIVMNDQVLEPQNVDPSMVQMTFLDDVVHSLLKGENIGITSRRRSRANQNVNAVHSHYTRAQANSPRPAMNSQAAVPKQNTHQQQQQRSIRPNKRKGSDSSIPDEEKMKEEKYDYISRGENPKGKNKHLMNKRRKPEEDEKKLNMKRLRTDNVSDFSESSDSENSNKRIIDNSSEQKPENELKNKNTSKINGEEGKPHNNEKAGEETLKNSQPPWDQIQEDKKHEEAEKRKSVDTQLQEDMIIHSSEQSTVSDHNSNDLLPQECNMDKTHTMELLPKEKFVSRPPTPKCVIDITNDTNLEKVAQENSSTFGLQTLQKMDPNVSDSKHSIANAKFLETAKKDSDQSWVSDVVKVDLTQSSVTNASSGNDHLNMEKEKYVSYISPLSAVSVMEDKLHKRSPPPETIKSKLNTSVDTHKIKSSPSPEVVKPKITHSPDSVKSKATYVNSQATGERRLANKIEHELSRCSFHPIPTRSSTLETTKSPLIIDKNEHFTVYRDPALIGSETGANHISPFLSQHPFPLHSSSHRTCLNPGTHHPALTPAPHLLAGSSSQTPLPTINTHPLTSGPHHAVHHPHLLPTVLPGVPTASLLGGHPRLESAHASSLSHLALAHQQQQQLLQHQSPHLLGQAHPSASYNQLGLYPIIWQYPNGTHAYSGLGLPSSKWVHPENAVNAEASLRRNSPSPWLHQPTPVTSADGIGLLSHIPVRPSSAEPHRPLKITAHSSPPLTKTLVDHHKEELERKAFMEPLRSVASTSAKNDLDLNRSQTGKDCHLHRHFVDPVLNQLQRPPQETGERLNKYKEEHRRILQESIDVAPFTTKIKGLEGERENYSRVASSSSSPKSHIIKQDMDVERSVSDLYKMKHSVPQSLPQSNYFTTLSNSVVNEPPRSYPSKEVSNIYGDKQSNALAAAAANPQTLTSFITSLSKPPPLIKHQPESEGLVGKIPEHLPHQIASHSVTTFRNDCRSPTHLTVSSTNTLRSMPALHRAPVFHPPIHHSLERKEGSYSSLSPPTLTPVMPVNAGGKVQESQKPPTLIPEPKDSQANFKSSSEQSLTEMWRPNNNLSKEKTEWHVEKSSGKLQAAMASVIVRPSSSTKTDSMPAMQLASKDRVSERSSAGAHKTDCLKLAEAGETGRIILPNVNSDSVHTKSEKNFQAVSQGSVPSSVMSAVNTMCNTKTDVITSAADTTSVSSWGGSEVISSLSNTILASTSSECVSSKSVSQPVAQKQECKVSTTAPVTLASSKTGSVVQPSSGFSGTTDFIHLKKHKAALAAAQYKSSNASETEPNAIKNQTLSASLPLDSTVICSTINKANSVGNGQASQTSQPNYHTKLKKAWLTRHSEEDKNTNKMENSGNSVSEIIKPCSVNLIASTSSDIQNSVDSKIIVDKYVKDDKVNRRKAKRTYESGSESGDSDESESKSEQRTKRQPKPTYKKKQNDLQKRKGEIEEDLKPNGVLSRSAKERSKLKLQSNSNTGIPRSVLKDWRKVKKLKQTGESFLQDDSCCEIGPNLQKCRECRLIRSKKGEEPAHSPVFCRFYYFRRLSFSKNGVVRIDGFSSPDQYDDEAMSLWTHENFEDDELDIETSKYILDIIGDKFCQLVTSEKTALSWVKKDAKIAWKRAVRGVREMCDACEATLFNIHWVCQKCGFVVCLDCYKAKERKSSRDKELYAWMKCVKGQPHDHKHLMPTQIIPGSVLTDLLDAMHTLREKYGIKSHCHCTNKQNLQVGNFPTMNGVSQVLQNVLNHSNKISLCMPESQQQNTPPKSEKNGGSSPESDVGTDNKLTPPESQSPLHWLADLAEQKAREEKKENKELTLENQIKEEREQDNSESPNGRTSPLVSQNNEQGSTLRDLLTTTAGKLRVGSTDAGIAFAPVYSMGAPSSKSGRTMPNILDDIIASVVENKIPPSKTSKINVKPELKEEPEESIISAVDENNKLYSDIPHSWICEKHILWLKDYKNSSNWKLFKECWKQGQPAVVSGVHKKMNISLWKAESISLDFGDHQADLLNCKDSIISNANVKEFWDGFEEVSKRQKNKSGETVVLKLKDWPSGEDFKTMMPARYEDLLKSLPLPEYCNPEGKFNLASHLPGFFVRPDLGPRLCSAYGVVAAKDHDIGTTNLHIEVSDVVNILVYVGIAKGNGILSKAGILKKFEEEDLDDILRKRLKDSSEIPGALWHIYAGKDVDKIREFLQKISKEQGLEVLPEHDPIRDQSWYVNKKLRQRLLEEYGVRTCTLIQFLGDAIVLPAGALHQVQNFHSCIQVTEDFVSPEHLVESFHLTQELRLLKEEINYDDKLQVKNILYHAVKEMVRALKIHEDEVEDMEEN*
chr10:63215138:A/G:1	chr10	63215138	A|G	1	JMJD1C	NM_001322254	221037	coding	1151	372	124	G>G	syn	None	MIVMNDQVLEPQNVDPSMVQMTFLDDVVHSLLKGENIGITSRRRSRANQNVNAVHSHYTRAQANSPRPAMNSQAAVPKQNTHQQQQQRSIRPNKRKGSDSSIPDEEKMKEEKYDYISRGENPKGKNKHLMNKRRKPEEDEKKLNMKRLRTDNVSDFSESSDSENSNKRIIDNSSEQKPENELKNKNTSKINGEEGKPHNNEKAGEETLKNSQPPWDQIQEDKKHEEAEKRKSVDTQLQEDMIIHSSEQSTVSDHNSNDLLPQECNMDKTHTMELLPKEKFVSRPPTPKCVIDITNDTNLEKVAQENSSTFGLQTLQKMDPNVSDSKHSIANAKFLETAKKDSDQSWVSDVVKVDLTQSSVTNASSGNDHLNMEKEKYVSYISPLSAVSVMEDKLHKRSPPPETIKSKLNTSVDTHKIKSSPSPEVVKPKITHSPDSVKSKATYVNSQATGERRLANKIEHELSRCSFHPIPTRSSTLETTKSPLIIDKNEHFTVYRDPALIGSETGANHISPFLSQHPFPLHSSSHRTCLNPGTHHPALTPAPHLLAGSSSQTPLPTINTHPLTSGPHHAVHHPHLLPTVLPGVPTASLLGGHPRLESAHASSLSHLALAHQQQQQLLQHQSPHLLGQAHPSASYNQLGLYPIIWQYPNGTHAYSGLGLPSSKWVHPENAVNAEASLRRNSPSPWLHQPTPVTSADGIGLLSHIPVRPSSAEPHRPLKITAHSSPPLTKTLVDHHKEELERKAFMEPLRSVASTSAKNDLDLNRSQTGKDCHLHRHFVDPVLNQLQRPPQETGERLNKYKEEHRRILQESIDVAPFTTKIKGLEGERENYSRVASSSSSPKSHIIKQDMDVERSVSDLYKMKHSVPQSLPQSNYFTTLSNSVVNEPPRSYPSKEVSNIYGDKQSNALAAAAANPQTLTSFITSLSKPPPLIKHQPESEGLVGKIPEHLPHQIASHSVTTFRNDCRSPTHLTVSSTNTLRSMPALHRAPVFHPPIHHSLERKEGSYSSLSPPTLTPVMPVNAGGKVQESQKPPTLIPEPKDSQANFKSSSEQSLTEMWRPNNNLSKEKTEWHVEKSSGKLQAAMASVIVRPSSSTKTDSMPAMQLASKDRVSERSSAGAHKTDCLKLAEAGETGRIILPNVNSDSVHTKSEKNFQAVSQGSVPSSVMSAVNTMCNTKTDVITSAADTTSVSSWGGSEVISSLSNTILASTSSECVSSKSVSQPVAQKQECKVSTTAPVTLASSKTGSVVQPSSGFSGTTDFIHLKKHKAALAAAQYKSSNASETEPNAIKNQTLSASLPLDSTVICSTINKANSVGNGQASQTSQPNYHTKLKKAWLTRHSEEDKNTNKMENSGNSVSEIIKPCSVNLIASTSSDIQNSVDSKIIVDKYVKDDKVNRRKAKRTYESGSESGDSDESESKSEQRTKRQPKPTYKKKQNDLQKRKGEIEEDLKPNGVLSRSAKERSKLKLQSNSNTGIPRSVLKDWRKVKKLKQTGESFLQDDSCCEIGPNLQKCRECRLIRSKKGEEPAHSPVFCRFYYFRRLSFSKNGVVRIDGFSSPDQYDDEAMSLWTHENFEDDELDIETSKYILDIIGDKFCQLVTSEKTALSWVKKDAKIAWKRAVRGVREMCDACEATLFNIHWVCQKCGFVVCLDCYKAKERKSSRDKELYAWMKCVKGQPHDHKHLMPTQIIPGSVLTDLLDAMHTLREKYGIKSHCHCTNKQNLQVGNFPTMNGVSQVLQNVLNHSNKISLCMPESQQQNTPPKSEKNGGSSPESDVGTDNKLTPPESQSPLHWLADLAEQKAREEKKENKELTLENQIKEEREQDNSESPNGRTSPLVSQNNEQGSTLRDLLTTTAGKLRVGSTDAGIAFAPVYSMGAPSSKSGRTMPNILDDIIASVVENKIPPSKTSKINVKPELKEEPEESIISAVDENNKLYSDIPHSWICEKHILWLKDYKNSSNWKLFKECWKQGQPAVVSGVHKKMNISLWKAESISLDFGDHQADLLNCKDSIISNANVKEFWDGFEEVSKRQKNKSGETVVLKLKDWPSGEDFKTMMPARYEDLLKSLPLPEYCNPEGKFNLASHLPGFFVRPDLGPRLCSAYGVVAAKDHDIGTTNLHIEVSDVVNILVYVGIAKGNGILSKAGILKKFEEEDLDDILRKRLKDSSEIPGALWHIYAGKDVDKIREFLQKISKEQGLEVLPEHDPIRDQSWYVNKKLRQRLLEEYGVRTCTLIQFLGDAIVLPAGALHQVQNFHSCIQVTEDFVSPEHLVESFHLTQELRLLKEEINYDDKLQVKNILYHAVKEMVRALKIHEDEVEDMEEN*
chr10:63215138:A/G:1	chr10	63215138	A|G	1	JMJD1C	NM_001322258	221037	coding	1093	372	124	G>G	syn	None	MIVMNDQVLEPQNVDPSMVQMTFLDDVVHSLLKGENIGITSRRRSRANQNVNAVHSHYTRAQANSPRPAMNSQAAVPKQNTHQQQQQRSIRPNKRKGSDSSIPDEEKMKEEKYDYISRGENPKGKNKHLMNKRRKPEEDEKKLNMKRLRTDNVSDFSESSDSENSNKRIIDNSSEQKPENELKNKNTSKINGEEGKPHNNEKAGEETLKNSQPPWDQIQEDKKHEEAEKRKSVDTQLQEDMIIHSSEQSTVSDHNSNDLLPQECNMDKTHTMELLPKEKFVSRPPTPKCVIDITNDTNLEKVAQENSSTFGLQTLQKMDPNVSDSKHSIANAKFLETAKKDSDQSWVSDVVKVDLTQSSVTNASSGNDHLNMEKEKYVSYISPLSAVSVMEDKLHKRSPPPETIKSKLNTSVDTHKIKSSPSPEVVKPKITHSPDSVKSKATYVNSQATGERRLANKIEHELSRCSFHPIPTRSSTLETTKSPLIIDKNEHFTVYRDPALIGSETGANHISPFLSQHPFPLHSSSHRTCLNPGTHHPALTPAPHLLAGSSSQTPLPTINTHPLTSGPHHAVHHPHLLPTVLPGVPTASLLGGHPRLESAHASSLSHLALAHQQQQQLLQHQSPHLLGQAHPSASYNQLGLYPIIWQYPNGTHAYSGLGLPSSKWVHPENAVNAEASLRRNSPSPWLHQPTPVTSADGIGLLSHIPVRPSSAEPHRPLKITAHSSPPLTKTLVDHHKEELERKAFMEPLRSVASTSAKNDLDLNRSQTGKDCHLHRHFVDPVLNQLQRPPQETGERLNKYKEEHRRILQESIDVAPFTTKIKGLEGERENYSRVASSSSSPKSHIIKQDMDVERSVSDLYKMKHSVPQSLPQSNYFTTLSNSVVNEPPRSYPSKEVSNIYGDKQSNALAAAAANPQTLTSFITSLSKPPPLIKHQPESEGLVGKIPEHLPHQIASHSVTTFRNDCRSPTHLTVSSTNTLRSMPALHRAPVFHPPIHHSLERKEGSYSSLSPPTLTPVMPVNAGGKVQESQKPPTLIPEPKDSQANFKSSSEQSLTEMWRPNNNLSKEKTEWHVEKSSGKLQAAMASVIVRPSSSTKTDSMPAMQLASKDRVSERSSAGAHKTDCLKLAEAGETGRIILPNVNSDSVHTKSEKNFQAVSQGSVPSSVMSAVNTMCNTKTDVITSAADTTSVSSWGGSEVISSLSNTILASTSSECVSSKSVSQPVAQKQECKVSTTAPVTLASSKTGSVVQPSSGFSGTTDFIHLKKHKAALAAAQYKSSNASETEPNAIKNQTLSASLPLDSTVICSTINKANSVGNGQASQTSQPNYHTKLKKAWLTRHSEEDKNTNKMENSGNSVSEIIKPCSVNLIASTSSDIQNSVDSKIIVDKYVKDDKVNRRKAKRTYESGSESGDSDESESKSEQRTKRQPKPTYKKKQNDLQKRKGEIEEDLKPNGVLSRSAKERSKLKLQSNSNTGIPRSVLKDWRKVKKLKQTGESFLQDDSCCEIGPNLQKCRECRLIRSKKGEEPAHSPVFCRFYYFRRLSFSKNGVVRIDGFSSPDQYDDEAMSLWTHENFEDDELDIETSKYILDIIGDKFCQLVTSEKTALSWVKKDAKIAWKRAVRGVREMCDACEATLFNIHWVCQKCGFVVCLDCYKAKERKSSRDKELYAWMKCVKGQPHDHKHLMPTQIIPGSVLTDLLDAMHTLREKYGIKSHCHCTNKQNLQVGNFPTMNGVSQVLQNVLNHSNKISLCMPESQQQNTPPKSEKNGGSSPESDVGTDNKLTPPESQSPLHWLADLAEQKAREEKKENKELTLENQIKEEREQDNSESPNGRTSPLVSQNNEQGSTLRDLLTTTAGKLRVGSTDAGIAFAPVYSMGAPSSKSGRTMPNILDDIIASVVENKIPPSKTSKINVKPELKEEPEESIISAVDENNKLYSDIPHSWICEKHILWLKDYKNSSNWKLFKECWKQGQPAVVSGVHKKMNISLWKAESISLDFGDHQADLLNCKDSIISNANVKEFWDGFEEVSKRQKNKSGETVVLKLKDWPSGEDFKTMMPARYEDLLKSLPLPEYCNPEGKFNLASHLPGFFVRPDLGPRLCSAYGVVAAKDHDIGTTNLHIEVSDVVNILVYVGIAKGNGILSKAGILKKFEEEDLDDILRKRLKDSSEIPGALWHIYAGKDVDKIREFLQKISKEQGLEVLPEHDPIRDQSWYVNKKLRQRLLEEYGVRTCTLIQFLGDAIVLPAGALHQVQNFHSCIQVTEDFVSPEHLVESFHLTQELRLLKEEINYDDKLQVKNILYHAVKEMVRALKIHEDEVEDMEEN*
chr10:63215138:A/G:1	chr10	63215138	A|G	1	JMJD1C	NM_032776	221037	coding	1344	1029	343	G>G	syn	None	MAVETRAELVGKRFLCVAVGDEARSERWESGRGWRSWRAGVIRAVSHRDSRNPDLAVYVEFDDLEWDKREWVKVYEDFSTFLVEYHLIWAKRNDPSQTQGSKSKQIQWPALTFKPLVERNIPSSVTAVEFLVDKQLDFLTEDSAFQPYQDDIDSLNPVLRDNPQLHEEVKVWVKEQKVQEIFMQGPYSLNGYRVRVYRQDSATQWFTGIITHHDLFTRTMIVMNDQVLEPQNVDPSMVQMTFLDDVVHSLLKGENIGITSRRRSRANQNVNAVHSHYTRAQANSPRPAMNSQAAVPKQNTHQQQQQRSIRPNKRKGSDSSIPDEEKMKEEKYDYISRGENPKGKNKHLMNKRRKPEEDEKKLNMKRLRTDNVSDFSESSDSENSNKRIIDNSSEQKPENELKNKNTSKINGEEGKPHNNEKAGEETLKNSQPPWDQIQEDKKHEEAEKRKSVDTQLQEDMIIHSSEQSTVSDHNSNDLLPQECNMDKTHTMELLPKEKFVSRPPTPKCVIDITNDTNLEKVAQENSSTFGLQTLQKMDPNVSDSKHSIANAKFLETAKKDSDQSWVSDVVKVDLTQSSVTNASSGNDHLNMEKEKYVSYISPLSAVSVMEDKLHKRSPPPETIKSKLNTSVDTHKIKSSPSPEVVKPKITHSPDSVKSKATYVNSQATGERRLANKIEHELSRCSFHPIPTRSSTLETTKSPLIIDKNEHFTVYRDPALIGSETGANHISPFLSQHPFPLHSSSHRTCLNPGTHHPALTPAPHLLAGSSSQTPLPTINTHPLTSGPHHAVHHPHLLPTVLPGVPTASLLGGHPRLESAHASSLSHLALAHQQQQQLLQHQSPHLLGQAHPSASYNQLGLYPIIWQYPNGTHAYSGLGLPSSKWVHPENAVNAEASLRRNSPSPWLHQPTPVTSADGIGLLSHIPVRPSSAEPHRPLKITAHSSPPLTKTLVDHHKEELERKAFMEPLRSVASTSAKNDLDLNRSQTGKDCHLHRHFVDPVLNQLQRPPQETGERLNKYKEEHRRILQESIDVAPFTTKIKGLEGERENYSRVASSSSSPKSHIIKQDMDVERSVSDLYKMKHSVPQSLPQSNYFTTLSNSVVNEPPRSYPSKEVSNIYGDKQSNALAAAAANPQTLTSFITSLSKPPPLIKHQPESEGLVGKIPEHLPHQIASHSVTTFRNDCRSPTHLTVSSTNTLRSMPALHRAPVFHPPIHHSLERKEGSYSSLSPPTLTPVMPVNAGGKVQESQKPPTLIPEPKDSQANFKSSSEQSLTEMWRPNNNLSKEKTEWHVEKSSGKLQAAMASVIVRPSSSTKTDSMPAMQLASKDRVSERSSAGAHKTDCLKLAEAGETGRIILPNVNSDSVHTKSEKNFQAVSQGSVPSSVMSAVNTMCNTKTDVITSAADTTSVSSWGGSEVISSLSNTILASTSSECVSSKSVSQPVAQKQECKVSTTAPVTLASSKTGSVVQPSSGFSGTTDFIHLKKHKAALAAAQYKSSNASETEPNAIKNQTLSASLPLDSTVICSTINKANSVGNGQASQTSQPNYHTKLKKAWLTRHSEEDKNTNKMENSGNSVSEIIKPCSVNLIASTSSDIQNSVDSKIIVDKYVKDDKVNRRKAKRTYESGSESGDSDESESKSEQRTKRQPKPTYKKKQNDLQKRKGEIEEDLKPNGVLSRSAKERSKLKLQSNSNTGIPRSVLKDWRKVKKLKQTGESFLQDDSCCEIGPNLQKCRECRLIRSKKGEEPAHSPVFCRFYYFRRLSFSKNGVVRIDGFSSPDQYDDEAMSLWTHENFEDDELDIETSKYILDIIGDKFCQLVTSEKTALSWVKKDAKIAWKRAVRGVREMCDACEATLFNIHWVCQKCGFVVCLDCYKAKERKSSRDKELYAWMKCVKGQPHDHKHLMPTQIIPGSVLTDLLDAMHTLREKYGIKSHCHCTNKQNLQVGNFPTMNGVSQVLQNVLNHSNKISLCMPESQQQNTPPKSEKNGGSSPESDVGTDNKLTPPESQSPLHWLADLAEQKAREEKKENKELTLENQIKEEREQDNSESPNGRTSPLVSQNNEQGSTLRDLLTTTAGKLRVGSTDAGIAFAPVYSMGAPSSKSGRTMPNILDDIIASVVENKIPPSKTSKINVKPELKEEPEESIISAVDENNKLYSDIPHSWICEKHILWLKDYKNSSNWKLFKECWKQGQPAVVSGVHKKMNISLWKAESISLDFGDHQADLLNCKDSIISNANVKEFWDGFEEVSKRQKNKSGETVVLKLKDWPSGEDFKTMMPARYEDLLKSLPLPEYCNPEGKFNLASHLPGFFVRPDLGPRLCSAYGVVAAKDHDIGTTNLHIEVSDVVNILVYVGIAKGNGILSKAGILKKFEEEDLDDILRKRLKDSSEIPGALWHIYAGKDVDKIREFLQKISKEQGLEVLPEHDPIRDQSWYVNKKLRQRLLEEYGVRTCTLIQFLGDAIVLPAGALHQVQNFHSCIQVTEDFVSPEHLVESFHLTQELRLLKEEINYDDKLQVKNILYHAVKEMVRALKIHEDEVEDMEEN*
chr10:63215138:A/G:1	chr10	63215138	A|G	1	JMJD1C	NR_134512	221037	non-coding	1037	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr10:64825631:C/A:1	chr10	64825631	C|A	1	ANXA2P3	NR_001446	305	non-coding	104	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr10:69265467:G/T:1	chr10	69265467	G|T	1	HKDC1	NM_025130	80201	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	118	None
chr10:69827305:G/T:1	chr10	69827305	G|T	1	COL13A1	NM_001130103	1305	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3178	None
chr10:69827305:G/T:1	chr10	69827305	G|T	1	COL13A1	NM_001320951	1305	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3178	None
chr10:69827305:G/T:1	chr10	69827305	G|T	1	COL13A1	NM_001368882	1305	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3178	None
chr10:69827305:G/T:1	chr10	69827305	G|T	1	COL13A1	NM_001368883	1305	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3178	None
chr10:69827305:G/T:1	chr10	69827305	G|T	1	COL13A1	NM_001368884	1305	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3178	None
chr10:69827305:G/T:1	chr10	69827305	G|T	1	COL13A1	NM_001368885	1305	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3178	None
chr10:69827305:G/T:1	chr10	69827305	G|T	1	COL13A1	NM_001368886	1305	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3178	None
chr10:69827305:G/T:1	chr10	69827305	G|T	1	COL13A1	NM_001368897	1305	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3178	None
chr10:69827305:G/T:1	chr10	69827305	G|T	1	COL13A1	NM_080800	1305	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3178	None
chr10:69827305:G/T:1	chr10	69827305	G|T	1	COL13A1	NM_080801	1305	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3178	None
chr10:69827305:G/T:1	chr10	69827305	G|T	1	COL13A1	NM_080802	1305	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3178	None
chr10:69827305:G/T:1	chr10	69827305	G|T	1	COL13A1	NM_080805	1305	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3178	None
chr10:69827305:G/T:1	chr10	69827305	G|T	1	COL13A1	NM_001368895	1305	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3178	None
chr10:69827305:G/T:1	chr10	69827305	G|T	1	COL13A1	NM_001368896	1305	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3178	None
chr10:69827305:G/T:1	chr10	69827305	G|T	1	COL13A1	NM_001368898	1305	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3178	None
chr10:69827305:G/T:1	chr10	69827305	G|T	1	COL13A1	NM_080798	1305	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3178	None
chr10:70777094:G/T:1	chr10	70777094	G|T	1	TBATA	NR_134531	219793	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chr10:70777094:G/T:1	chr10	70777094	G|T	1	TBATA	NR_134534	219793	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chr10:70777094:G/T:1	chr10	70777094	G|T	1	TBATA	NM_001318241	219793	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chr10:70777094:G/T:1	chr10	70777094	G|T	1	TBATA	NM_001318242	219793	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chr10:70777094:G/T:1	chr10	70777094	G|T	1	TBATA	NM_001318243	219793	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chr10:70777094:G/T:1	chr10	70777094	G|T	1	TBATA	NM_152710	219793	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chr10:70777094:G/T:1	chr10	70777094	G|T	1	TBATA	NR_134533	219793	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chr10:70777094:G/T:1	chr10	70777094	G|T	1	TBATA	NR_134532	219793	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chr10:70777513:A/C:1	chr10	70777513	A|C	1	TBATA	NR_134532	219793	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	178	None
chr10:70777513:A/C:1	chr10	70777513	A|C	1	TBATA	NM_001318242	219793	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	178	None
chr10:70777513:A/C:1	chr10	70777513	A|C	1	TBATA	NM_001318243	219793	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	178	None
chr10:70777513:A/C:1	chr10	70777513	A|C	1	TBATA	NM_152710	219793	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	178	None
chr10:70777513:A/C:1	chr10	70777513	A|C	1	TBATA	NR_134531	219793	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	178	None
chr10:70777513:A/C:1	chr10	70777513	A|C	1	TBATA	NR_134533	219793	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	178	None
chr10:70777513:A/C:1	chr10	70777513	A|C	1	TBATA	NR_134534	219793	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	178	None
chr10:70777513:A/C:1	chr10	70777513	A|C	1	TBATA	NM_001318241	219793	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	175	None
chr10:71291226:C/T:1	chr10	71291226	C|T	1	UNC5B	NM_001244889	219699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	117	None
chr10:71291226:C/T:1	chr10	71291226	C|T	1	UNC5B	NM_170744	219699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	117	None
chr10:71812826:C/T:1	chr10	71812826	C|T	1	CDH23	NM_001171933	64072	coding	3166	2849	950	A>V	nonsyn	None	MVKSPMNRELVATYEVTLSVIDNASDLPERSVSVPNAKLTVNVLDVNDNTPQFKPFGITYYMERILEGATPGTTLIAVAAVDPDKGLNGLVTYTLLDLVPPGYVQLEDSSAGKVIANRTVDYEEVHWLNFTVRASDNGSPPRAAEIPVYLEIVDINDNNPIFDQPSYQEAVFEDVPVGTIILTVTATDADSGNFALIEYSLGDGESKFAINPTTGDIYVLSSLDREKKDHYILTALAKDNPGDVASNRRENSVQVVIQVLDVNDCRPQFSKPQFSTSVYENEPAGTSVITMMATDQDEGPNGELTYSLEGPGVEAFHVDMDSGLVTTQRPLQSYEKFSLTVVATDGGEPPLWGTTMLLVEVIDVNDNRPVFVRPPNGTILHIREEIPLRSNVYEVYATDKDEGLNGAVRYSFLKTAGNRDWEFFIIDPISGLIQTAQRLDRESQAVYSLILVASDLGQPVPYETMQPLQVALEDIDDNEPLFVRPPKGSPQYQLLTVPEHSPRGTLVGNVTGAVDADEGPNAIVYYFIAAGNEEKNFHLQPDGCLLVLRDLDREREAIFSFIVKASSNRSWTPPRGPSPTLDLVADLTLQEVRVVLEDINDQPPRFTKAEYTAGVATDAKVGSELIQVLALDADIGNNSLVFYSILAIHYFRALANDSEDVGQVFTMGSMDGILRTFDLFMAYSPGYFVVDIVARDLAGHNDTAIIGIYILRDDQRVKIVINEIPDRVRGFEEEFIHLLSNITGAIVNTDNVQFHVDKKGRVNFAQTELLIHVVNRDTNRILDVDRVIQMIDENKEQLRNLFRNYNVLDVQPAISVRLPDDMSALQMAIIVLAILLFLAAMLFVLMNWYYRTVHKRKLKAIVAGSAGNRGFIDIMDMPNTNKYSFDGANPVWLDPFCRNLELAAQAEHEDDLPENLSEIADLWNSPTRTHGTFGREPAAVKPDDDRYLRAAIQEYDNIAKLGQIIREGPIKGSLLKVVLEDYLRLKKLFAQRMVQKASSCHSSISELIQTELDEEPGDHSPGQGSLRFRHKPPVELKGPDGIHVVHGSTGTLLATDLNSLPEEDQKGLGRSLETLTAAEATAFERNARTESAKSTPLHKLRDVIMETPLEITEL*|MVKSPMNRELVATYEVTLSVIDNASDLPERSVSVPNAKLTVNVLDVNDNTPQFKPFGITYYMERILEGATPGTTLIAVAAVDPDKGLNGLVTYTLLDLVPPGYVQLEDSSAGKVIANRTVDYEEVHWLNFTVRASDNGSPPRAAEIPVYLEIVDINDNNPIFDQPSYQEAVFEDVPVGTIILTVTATDADSGNFALIEYSLGDGESKFAINPTTGDIYVLSSLDREKKDHYILTALAKDNPGDVASNRRENSVQVVIQVLDVNDCRPQFSKPQFSTSVYENEPAGTSVITMMATDQDEGPNGELTYSLEGPGVEAFHVDMDSGLVTTQRPLQSYEKFSLTVVATDGGEPPLWGTTMLLVEVIDVNDNRPVFVRPPNGTILHIREEIPLRSNVYEVYATDKDEGLNGAVRYSFLKTAGNRDWEFFIIDPISGLIQTAQRLDRESQAVYSLILVASDLGQPVPYETMQPLQVALEDIDDNEPLFVRPPKGSPQYQLLTVPEHSPRGTLVGNVTGAVDADEGPNAIVYYFIAAGNEEKNFHLQPDGCLLVLRDLDREREAIFSFIVKASSNRSWTPPRGPSPTLDLVADLTLQEVRVVLEDINDQPPRFTKAEYTAGVATDAKVGSELIQVLALDADIGNNSLVFYSILAIHYFRALANDSEDVGQVFTMGSMDGILRTFDLFMAYSPGYFVVDIVARDLAGHNDTAIIGIYILRDDQRVKIVINEIPDRVRGFEEEFIHLLSNITGAIVNTDNVQFHVDKKGRVNFAQTELLIHVVNRDTNRILDVDRVIQMIDENKEQLRNLFRNYNVLDVQPAISVRLPDDMSALQMAIIVLAILLFLAAMLFVLMNWYYRTVHKRKLKAIVAGSAGNRGFIDIMDMPNTNKYSFDGANPVWLDPFCRNLELAAQAEHEDDLPENLSEIADLWNSPTRTHGTFGREPAAVKPDDDRYLRVAIQEYDNIAKLGQIIREGPIKGSLLKVVLEDYLRLKKLFAQRMVQKASSCHSSISELIQTELDEEPGDHSPGQGSLRFRHKPPVELKGPDGIHVVHGSTGTLLATDLNSLPEEDQKGLGRSLETLTAAEATAFERNARTESAKSTPLHKLRDVIMETPLEITEL*
chr10:71812826:C/T:1	chr10	71812826	C|T	1	CDH23	NM_001171934	64072	coding	3166	2849	950	A>V	nonsyn	None	MVKSPMNRELVATYEVTLSVIDNASDLPERSVSVPNAKLTVNVLDVNDNTPQFKPFGITYYMERILEGATPGTTLIAVAAVDPDKGLNGLVTYTLLDLVPPGYVQLEDSSAGKVIANRTVDYEEVHWLNFTVRASDNGSPPRAAEIPVYLEIVDINDNNPIFDQPSYQEAVFEDVPVGTIILTVTATDADSGNFALIEYSLGDGESKFAINPTTGDIYVLSSLDREKKDHYILTALAKDNPGDVASNRRENSVQVVIQVLDVNDCRPQFSKPQFSTSVYENEPAGTSVITMMATDQDEGPNGELTYSLEGPGVEAFHVDMDSGLVTTQRPLQSYEKFSLTVVATDGGEPPLWGTTMLLVEVIDVNDNRPVFVRPPNGTILHIREEIPLRSNVYEVYATDKDEGLNGAVRYSFLKTAGNRDWEFFIIDPISGLIQTAQRLDRESQAVYSLILVASDLGQPVPYETMQPLQVALEDIDDNEPLFVRPPKGSPQYQLLTVPEHSPRGTLVGNVTGAVDADEGPNAIVYYFIAAGNEEKNFHLQPDGCLLVLRDLDREREAIFSFIVKASSNRSWTPPRGPSPTLDLVADLTLQEVRVVLEDINDQPPRFTKAEYTAGVATDAKVGSELIQVLALDADIGNNSLVFYSILAIHYFRALANDSEDVGQVFTMGSMDGILRTFDLFMAYSPGYFVVDIVARDLAGHNDTAIIGIYILRDDQRVKIVINEIPDRVRGFEEEFIHLLSNITGAIVNTDNVQFHVDKKGRVNFAQTELLIHVVNRDTNRILDVDRVIQMIDENKEQLRNLFRNYNVLDVQPAISVRLPDDMSALQMAIIVLAILLFLAAMLFVLMNWYYRTVHKRKLKAIVAGSAGNRGFIDIMDMPNTNKYSFDGANPVWLDPFCRNLELAAQAEHEDDLPENLSEIADLWNSPTRTHGTFGREPAAVKPDDDRYLRAAIQEYDNIAKLGQIIREGPIKLIQTELDEEPGDHSPGQGSLRFRHKPPVELKGPDGIHVVHGSTGTLLATDLNSLPEEDQKGLGRSLETLTAAEATAFERNARTESAKSTPLHKLRDVIMETPLEITEL*|MVKSPMNRELVATYEVTLSVIDNASDLPERSVSVPNAKLTVNVLDVNDNTPQFKPFGITYYMERILEGATPGTTLIAVAAVDPDKGLNGLVTYTLLDLVPPGYVQLEDSSAGKVIANRTVDYEEVHWLNFTVRASDNGSPPRAAEIPVYLEIVDINDNNPIFDQPSYQEAVFEDVPVGTIILTVTATDADSGNFALIEYSLGDGESKFAINPTTGDIYVLSSLDREKKDHYILTALAKDNPGDVASNRRENSVQVVIQVLDVNDCRPQFSKPQFSTSVYENEPAGTSVITMMATDQDEGPNGELTYSLEGPGVEAFHVDMDSGLVTTQRPLQSYEKFSLTVVATDGGEPPLWGTTMLLVEVIDVNDNRPVFVRPPNGTILHIREEIPLRSNVYEVYATDKDEGLNGAVRYSFLKTAGNRDWEFFIIDPISGLIQTAQRLDRESQAVYSLILVASDLGQPVPYETMQPLQVALEDIDDNEPLFVRPPKGSPQYQLLTVPEHSPRGTLVGNVTGAVDADEGPNAIVYYFIAAGNEEKNFHLQPDGCLLVLRDLDREREAIFSFIVKASSNRSWTPPRGPSPTLDLVADLTLQEVRVVLEDINDQPPRFTKAEYTAGVATDAKVGSELIQVLALDADIGNNSLVFYSILAIHYFRALANDSEDVGQVFTMGSMDGILRTFDLFMAYSPGYFVVDIVARDLAGHNDTAIIGIYILRDDQRVKIVINEIPDRVRGFEEEFIHLLSNITGAIVNTDNVQFHVDKKGRVNFAQTELLIHVVNRDTNRILDVDRVIQMIDENKEQLRNLFRNYNVLDVQPAISVRLPDDMSALQMAIIVLAILLFLAAMLFVLMNWYYRTVHKRKLKAIVAGSAGNRGFIDIMDMPNTNKYSFDGANPVWLDPFCRNLELAAQAEHEDDLPENLSEIADLWNSPTRTHGTFGREPAAVKPDDDRYLRVAIQEYDNIAKLGQIIREGPIKLIQTELDEEPGDHSPGQGSLRFRHKPPVELKGPDGIHVVHGSTGTLLATDLNSLPEEDQKGLGRSLETLTAAEATAFERNARTESAKSTPLHKLRDVIMETPLEITEL*
chr10:71812826:C/T:1	chr10	71812826	C|T	1	CDH23	NM_001171935	64072	coding	669	260	87	A>V	nonsyn	None	MRSWFQQDPMVGACTTGTRASHPKANPVWLDPFCRNLELAAQAEHEDDLPENLSEIADLWNSPTRTHGTFGREPAAVKPDDDRYLRAAIQEYDNIAKLGQIIREGPIKGSLLKVVLEDYLRLKKLFAQRMVQKASSCHSSISELIQTELDEEPGDHSPGQGSLRFRHKPPVELKGPDGIHVVHGSTGTLLATDLNSLPEEDQKGLGRSLETLTAAEATAFERNARTESAKSTPLHKLRDVIMETPLEITEL*|MRSWFQQDPMVGACTTGTRASHPKANPVWLDPFCRNLELAAQAEHEDDLPENLSEIADLWNSPTRTHGTFGREPAAVKPDDDRYLRVAIQEYDNIAKLGQIIREGPIKGSLLKVVLEDYLRLKKLFAQRMVQKASSCHSSISELIQTELDEEPGDHSPGQGSLRFRHKPPVELKGPDGIHVVHGSTGTLLATDLNSLPEEDQKGLGRSLETLTAAEATAFERNARTESAKSTPLHKLRDVIMETPLEITEL*
chr10:71812826:C/T:1	chr10	71812826	C|T	1	CDH23	NM_001171936	64072	coding	669	260	87	A>V	nonsyn	None	MRSWFQQDPMVGACTTGTRASHPKANPVWLDPFCRNLELAAQAEHEDDLPENLSEIADLWNSPTRTHGTFGREPAAVKPDDDRYLRAAIQEYDNIAKLGQIIREGPIKLIQTELDEEPGDHSPGQGSLRFRHKPPVELKGPDGIHVVHGSTGTLLATDLNSLPEEDQKGLGRSLETLTAAEATAFERNARTESAKSTPLHKLRDVIMETPLEITEL*|MRSWFQQDPMVGACTTGTRASHPKANPVWLDPFCRNLELAAQAEHEDDLPENLSEIADLWNSPTRTHGTFGREPAAVKPDDDRYLRVAIQEYDNIAKLGQIIREGPIKLIQTELDEEPGDHSPGQGSLRFRHKPPVELKGPDGIHVVHGSTGTLLATDLNSLPEEDQKGLGRSLETLTAAEATAFERNARTESAKSTPLHKLRDVIMETPLEITEL*
chr10:71812826:C/T:1	chr10	71812826	C|T	1	CDH23	NM_022124	64072	coding	9959	9569	3190	A>V	nonsyn	None	MGRHVATSCHVAWLLVLISGCWGQVNRLPFFTNHFFDTYLLISEDTPVGSSVTQLLAQDMDNDPLVFGVSGEEASRFFAVEPDTGVVWLRQPLDRETKSEFTVEFSVSDHQGVITRKVNIQVGDVNDNAPTFHNQPYSVRIPENTPVGTPIFIVNATDPDLGAGGSVLYSFQPPSQFFAIDSARGIVTVIRELDYETTQAYQLTVNATDQDKTRPLSTLANLAIIITDVQDMDPIFINLPYSTNIYEHSPPGTTVRIITAIDQDKGRPRGIGYTIVSGNTNSIFALDYISGVLTLNGLLDRENPLYSHGFILTVKGTELNDDRTPSDATVTTTFNILVIDINDNAPEFNSSEYSVAITELAQVGFALPLFIQVVDKDETQGLNSMFEVYLVGNNSHHFIISPTSVQGKADIRIRVAIPLDYETVDRYDFDLFANESVPDHVGYAKVKITLINENDNRPIFSQPLYNISLYENVTVGTSVLTVLATDNDAGTFGEVSYFFSDDPDRFSLDKDTGLIMLIARLDYELIQRFTLTIIARDGGGEETTGRVRINVLDVNDNVPTFQKDAYVGALRENEPSVTQLVRLRATDEDSPPNNQITYSIVSASAFGSYFDISLYEGYGVISVSRPLDYEQISNGLIYLTVMAMDAGNPPLNSTVPVTIEVFDENDNPPTFSKPAYFVSVVENIMAGATVLFLNATDLDRSREYGQESIIYSLEGSTQFRINARSGEITTTSLLDRETKSEYILIVRAVDGGVGHNQKTGIATVNITLLDINDNHPTWKDAPYYINLVEMTPPDSDVTTVVAVDPDLGENGTLVYSIQPPNKFYSLNSTTGKIRTTHAMLDRENPDPHEAELMRKIVVSVTDCGRPPLKATSSATVFVNLLDLNDNDPTFQNLPFVAEVLEGIPAGVSIYQVVAIDLDEGLNGLVSYRMPVGMPRMDFLINSSSGVVVTTTELDRERIAEYQLRVVASDAGTPTKSSTSTLTIHVLDVNDETPTFFPAVYNVSVSEDVPREFRVVWLNCTDNDVGLNAELSYFITGGNVDGKFSVGYRDAVVRTVVGLDRETTAAYMLILEAIDNGPVGKRHTGTATVFVTVLDVNDNRPIFLQSSYEASVPEDIPEGHSILQLKATDADEGEFGRVWYRILHGNHGNNFRIHVSNGLLMRGPRPLDRERNSSHVLIVEAYNHDLGPMRSSVRVIVYVEDINDEAPVFTQQQYSRLGLRETAGIGTSVIVVQATDRDSGDGGLVNYRILSGAEGKFEIDESTGLIITVNYLDYETKTSYMMNVSATDQAPPFNQGFCSVYITLLNELDEAVQFSNASYEAAILENLALGTEIVRVQAYSIDNLNQITYRFNAYTSTQAKALFKIDAITGVITVQGLVDREKGDFYTLTVVADDGGPKVDSTVQVYITVLDENDNSPRFDFTSDSAVSIPEDCPVGQRVATVKAWDPDAGSNGQVVFSLASGNIAGAFEIVTTNDSIGEVFVARPLDREELDHYILQVVASDRGTPPRKKDHILQVTILDINDNPPVIESPFGYNVSVNENVGGGTAVVQVRATDRDIGINSVLSYYITEGNKDMAFRMDRISGEIATRPAPPDRERQSFYHLVATVEDEGTPTLSATTHVYVTIVDENDNAPMFQQPHYEVLLDEGPDTLNTSLITIQALDLDEGPNGTVTYAIVAGNIVNTFRIDRHMGVITAAKELDYEISHGRYTLIVTATDQCPILSHRLTSTTTVLVNVNDINDNVPTFPRDYEGPFEVTEGQPGPRVWTFLAHDRDSGPNGQVEYSIMDGDPLGEFVISPVEGVLRVRKDVELDRETIAFYNLTICARDRGMPPLSSTMLVGIRVLDINDNDPVLLNLPMNITISENSPVSSFVAHVLASDADSGCNARLTFNITAGNRERAFFINATTGIVTVNRPLDRERIPEYKLTISVKDNPENPRIARRDYDLLLIFLSDENDNHPLFTKSTYQAEVMENSPAGTPLTVLNGPILALDADQDIYAVVTYQLLGAQSGLFDINSSTGVVTVRSGVIIDREAFSPPILELLLLAEDIGLLNSTAHLLITILDDNDNRPTFSPATLTVHLLENCPPGFSVLQVTATDEDSGLNGELVYRIEAGAQDRFLIHLVTGVIRVGNATIDREEQESYRLTVVATDRGTVPLSGTAIVTILIDDINDSRPEFLNPIQTVSVLESAEPGTVIANITAIDHDLNPKLEYHIVGIVAKDDTDRLVPNQEDAFAVNINTGSVMVKSPMNRELVATYEVTLSVIDNASDLPERSVSVPNAKLTVNVLDVNDNTPQFKPFGITYYMERILEGATPGTTLIAVAAVDPDKGLNGLVTYTLLDLVPPGYVQLEDSSAGKVIANRTVDYEEVHWLNFTVRASDNGSPPRAAEIPVYLEIVDINDNNPIFDQPSYQEAVFEDVPVGTIILTVTATDADSGNFALIEYSLGDGESKFAINPTTGDIYVLSSLDREKKDHYILTALAKDNPGDVASNRRENSVQVVIQVLDVNDCRPQFSKPQFSTSVYENEPAGTSVITMMATDQDEGPNGELTYSLEGPGVEAFHVDMDSGLVTTQRPLQSYEKFSLTVVATDGGEPPLWGTTMLLVEVIDVNDNRPVFVRPPNGTILHIREEIPLRSNVYEVYATDKDEGLNGAVRYSFLKTAGNRDWEFFIIDPISGLIQTAQRLDRESQAVYSLILVASDLGQPVPYETMQPLQVALEDIDDNEPLFVRPPKGSPQYQLLTVPEHSPRGTLVGNVTGAVDADEGPNAIVYYFIAAGNEEKNFHLQPDGCLLVLRDLDREREAIFSFIVKASSNRSWTPPRGPSPTLDLVADLTLQEVRVVLEDINDQPPRFTKAEYTAGVATDAKVGSELIQVLALDADIGNNSLVFYSILAIHYFRALANDSEDVGQVFTMGSMDGILRTFDLFMAYSPGYFVVDIVARDLAGHNDTAIIGIYILRDDQRVKIVINEIPDRVRGFEEEFIHLLSNITGAIVNTDNVQFHVDKKGRVNFAQTELLIHVVNRDTNRILDVDRVIQMIDENKEQLRNLFRNYNVLDVQPAISVRLPDDMSALQMAIIVLAILLFLAAMLFVLMNWYYRTVHKRKLKAIVAGSAGNRGFIDIMDMPNTNKYSFDGANPVWLDPFCRNLELAAQAEHEDDLPENLSEIADLWNSPTRTHGTFGREPAAVKPDDDRYLRAAIQEYDNIAKLGQIIREGPIKGSLLKVVLEDYLRLKKLFAQRMVQKASSCHSSISELIQTELDEEPGDHSPGQGSLRFRHKPPVELKGPDGIHVVHGSTGTLLATDLNSLPEEDQKGLGRSLETLTAAEATAFERNARTESAKSTPLHKLRDVIMETPLEITEL*|MGRHVATSCHVAWLLVLISGCWGQVNRLPFFTNHFFDTYLLISEDTPVGSSVTQLLAQDMDNDPLVFGVSGEEASRFFAVEPDTGVVWLRQPLDRETKSEFTVEFSVSDHQGVITRKVNIQVGDVNDNAPTFHNQPYSVRIPENTPVGTPIFIVNATDPDLGAGGSVLYSFQPPSQFFAIDSARGIVTVIRELDYETTQAYQLTVNATDQDKTRPLSTLANLAIIITDVQDMDPIFINLPYSTNIYEHSPPGTTVRIITAIDQDKGRPRGIGYTIVSGNTNSIFALDYISGVLTLNGLLDRENPLYSHGFILTVKGTELNDDRTPSDATVTTTFNILVIDINDNAPEFNSSEYSVAITELAQVGFALPLFIQVVDKDETQGLNSMFEVYLVGNNSHHFIISPTSVQGKADIRIRVAIPLDYETVDRYDFDLFANESVPDHVGYAKVKITLINENDNRPIFSQPLYNISLYENVTVGTSVLTVLATDNDAGTFGEVSYFFSDDPDRFSLDKDTGLIMLIARLDYELIQRFTLTIIARDGGGEETTGRVRINVLDVNDNVPTFQKDAYVGALRENEPSVTQLVRLRATDEDSPPNNQITYSIVSASAFGSYFDISLYEGYGVISVSRPLDYEQISNGLIYLTVMAMDAGNPPLNSTVPVTIEVFDENDNPPTFSKPAYFVSVVENIMAGATVLFLNATDLDRSREYGQESIIYSLEGSTQFRINARSGEITTTSLLDRETKSEYILIVRAVDGGVGHNQKTGIATVNITLLDINDNHPTWKDAPYYINLVEMTPPDSDVTTVVAVDPDLGENGTLVYSIQPPNKFYSLNSTTGKIRTTHAMLDRENPDPHEAELMRKIVVSVTDCGRPPLKATSSATVFVNLLDLNDNDPTFQNLPFVAEVLEGIPAGVSIYQVVAIDLDEGLNGLVSYRMPVGMPRMDFLINSSSGVVVTTTELDRERIAEYQLRVVASDAGTPTKSSTSTLTIHVLDVNDETPTFFPAVYNVSVSEDVPREFRVVWLNCTDNDVGLNAELSYFITGGNVDGKFSVGYRDAVVRTVVGLDRETTAAYMLILEAIDNGPVGKRHTGTATVFVTVLDVNDNRPIFLQSSYEASVPEDIPEGHSILQLKATDADEGEFGRVWYRILHGNHGNNFRIHVSNGLLMRGPRPLDRERNSSHVLIVEAYNHDLGPMRSSVRVIVYVEDINDEAPVFTQQQYSRLGLRETAGIGTSVIVVQATDRDSGDGGLVNYRILSGAEGKFEIDESTGLIITVNYLDYETKTSYMMNVSATDQAPPFNQGFCSVYITLLNELDEAVQFSNASYEAAILENLALGTEIVRVQAYSIDNLNQITYRFNAYTSTQAKALFKIDAITGVITVQGLVDREKGDFYTLTVVADDGGPKVDSTVQVYITVLDENDNSPRFDFTSDSAVSIPEDCPVGQRVATVKAWDPDAGSNGQVVFSLASGNIAGAFEIVTTNDSIGEVFVARPLDREELDHYILQVVASDRGTPPRKKDHILQVTILDINDNPPVIESPFGYNVSVNENVGGGTAVVQVRATDRDIGINSVLSYYITEGNKDMAFRMDRISGEIATRPAPPDRERQSFYHLVATVEDEGTPTLSATTHVYVTIVDENDNAPMFQQPHYEVLLDEGPDTLNTSLITIQALDLDEGPNGTVTYAIVAGNIVNTFRIDRHMGVITAAKELDYEISHGRYTLIVTATDQCPILSHRLTSTTTVLVNVNDINDNVPTFPRDYEGPFEVTEGQPGPRVWTFLAHDRDSGPNGQVEYSIMDGDPLGEFVISPVEGVLRVRKDVELDRETIAFYNLTICARDRGMPPLSSTMLVGIRVLDINDNDPVLLNLPMNITISENSPVSSFVAHVLASDADSGCNARLTFNITAGNRERAFFINATTGIVTVNRPLDRERIPEYKLTISVKDNPENPRIARRDYDLLLIFLSDENDNHPLFTKSTYQAEVMENSPAGTPLTVLNGPILALDADQDIYAVVTYQLLGAQSGLFDINSSTGVVTVRSGVIIDREAFSPPILELLLLAEDIGLLNSTAHLLITILDDNDNRPTFSPATLTVHLLENCPPGFSVLQVTATDEDSGLNGELVYRIEAGAQDRFLIHLVTGVIRVGNATIDREEQESYRLTVVATDRGTVPLSGTAIVTILIDDINDSRPEFLNPIQTVSVLESAEPGTVIANITAIDHDLNPKLEYHIVGIVAKDDTDRLVPNQEDAFAVNINTGSVMVKSPMNRELVATYEVTLSVIDNASDLPERSVSVPNAKLTVNVLDVNDNTPQFKPFGITYYMERILEGATPGTTLIAVAAVDPDKGLNGLVTYTLLDLVPPGYVQLEDSSAGKVIANRTVDYEEVHWLNFTVRASDNGSPPRAAEIPVYLEIVDINDNNPIFDQPSYQEAVFEDVPVGTIILTVTATDADSGNFALIEYSLGDGESKFAINPTTGDIYVLSSLDREKKDHYILTALAKDNPGDVASNRRENSVQVVIQVLDVNDCRPQFSKPQFSTSVYENEPAGTSVITMMATDQDEGPNGELTYSLEGPGVEAFHVDMDSGLVTTQRPLQSYEKFSLTVVATDGGEPPLWGTTMLLVEVIDVNDNRPVFVRPPNGTILHIREEIPLRSNVYEVYATDKDEGLNGAVRYSFLKTAGNRDWEFFIIDPISGLIQTAQRLDRESQAVYSLILVASDLGQPVPYETMQPLQVALEDIDDNEPLFVRPPKGSPQYQLLTVPEHSPRGTLVGNVTGAVDADEGPNAIVYYFIAAGNEEKNFHLQPDGCLLVLRDLDREREAIFSFIVKASSNRSWTPPRGPSPTLDLVADLTLQEVRVVLEDINDQPPRFTKAEYTAGVATDAKVGSELIQVLALDADIGNNSLVFYSILAIHYFRALANDSEDVGQVFTMGSMDGILRTFDLFMAYSPGYFVVDIVARDLAGHNDTAIIGIYILRDDQRVKIVINEIPDRVRGFEEEFIHLLSNITGAIVNTDNVQFHVDKKGRVNFAQTELLIHVVNRDTNRILDVDRVIQMIDENKEQLRNLFRNYNVLDVQPAISVRLPDDMSALQMAIIVLAILLFLAAMLFVLMNWYYRTVHKRKLKAIVAGSAGNRGFIDIMDMPNTNKYSFDGANPVWLDPFCRNLELAAQAEHEDDLPENLSEIADLWNSPTRTHGTFGREPAAVKPDDDRYLRVAIQEYDNIAKLGQIIREGPIKGSLLKVVLEDYLRLKKLFAQRMVQKASSCHSSISELIQTELDEEPGDHSPGQGSLRFRHKPPVELKGPDGIHVVHGSTGTLLATDLNSLPEEDQKGLGRSLETLTAAEATAFERNARTESAKSTPLHKLRDVIMETPLEITEL*
chr10:72275283:T/A:1	chr10	72275283	T|A	1	DDIT4	NM_019058	54541	3utr	991	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr10:76363304:G/T:1	chr10	76363304	G|T	1	LRMDA	NM_001305581	83938	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	38819	None
chr10:76363304:G/T:1	chr10	76363304	G|T	1	LRMDA	NM_032024	83938	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	38819	None
chr10:76363304:G/T:1	chr10	76363304	G|T	1	LRMDA	NR_131178	83938	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	38819	None
chr10:79946379:C/A:1	chr10	79946379	C|A	1	SFTPD	NM_003019	6441	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	82	None
chr10:80133686:C/A:1	chr10	80133686	C|A	1	PLAC9	NR_138551	219348	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1855	None
chr10:80133686:C/A:1	chr10	80133686	C|A	1	PLAC9	NM_001012973	219348	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	860	None
chr10:80133686:C/A:1	chr10	80133686	C|A	1	PLAC9	NM_001331125	219348	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	860	None
chr10:80283820:G/A:1	chr10	80283820	G|A	1	MAT1A	NM_000429	4143	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	96	None
chr10:80425709:C/G:1	chr10	80425709	C|G	1	PRXL2A	NM_001243778	84293	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr10:80425709:C/G:1	chr10	80425709	C|G	1	PRXL2A	NM_001243779	84293	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr10:80425709:C/G:1	chr10	80425709	C|G	1	PRXL2A	NM_001243780	84293	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr10:80425709:C/G:1	chr10	80425709	C|G	1	PRXL2A	NM_001243781	84293	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr10:80425709:C/G:1	chr10	80425709	C|G	1	PRXL2A	NM_001243782	84293	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr10:80425709:C/G:1	chr10	80425709	C|G	1	PRXL2A	NM_032333	84293	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr10:82985678:T/A:1	chr10	82985678	T|A	1	NRG3	NM_001010848	10718	3utr	2311	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr10:82985678:T/A:1	chr10	82985678	T|A	1	NRG3	NM_001165972	10718	3utr	2188	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr10:82985678:T/A:1	chr10	82985678	T|A	1	NRG3	NM_001165973	10718	3utr	1847	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr10:84464062:T/A:1	chr10	84464062	T|A	1	CCSER2	NM_001284240	54462	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46	None
chr10:84464062:T/A:1	chr10	84464062	T|A	1	CCSER2	NM_001284242	54462	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46	None
chr10:84464062:T/A:1	chr10	84464062	T|A	1	CCSER2	NM_001284243	54462	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46	None
chr10:84464062:T/A:1	chr10	84464062	T|A	1	CCSER2	NM_001351290	54462	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46	None
chr10:84464062:T/A:1	chr10	84464062	T|A	1	CCSER2	NM_001351292	54462	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46	None
chr10:84464062:T/A:1	chr10	84464062	T|A	1	CCSER2	NM_018999	54462	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46	None
chr10:88947447:C/A:1	chr10	88947447	C|A	1	ACTA2	NM_001141945	59	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61	None
chr10:88947447:C/A:1	chr10	88947447	C|A	1	ACTA2	NM_001320855	59	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61	None
chr10:88947447:C/A:1	chr10	88947447	C|A	1	ACTA2	NM_001613	59	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61	None
chr10:91966540:G/C:1	chr10	91966540	G|C	1	BTAF1	NM_003972	9044	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	97	None
chr10:91984194:A/T:1	chr10	91984194	A|T	1	BTAF1	NM_003972	9044	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7	None
chr10:92639648:G/T:1	chr10	92639648	G|T	1	KIF11	NM_004523	3832	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	146	None
chr10:96227700:G/C:1	chr10	96227700	G|C	1	BLNK	NM_001114094	29760	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	134	None
chr10:96227700:G/C:1	chr10	96227700	G|C	1	BLNK	NM_001258440	29760	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	134	None
chr10:96227700:G/C:1	chr10	96227700	G|C	1	BLNK	NM_001258441	29760	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	134	None
chr10:96227700:G/C:1	chr10	96227700	G|C	1	BLNK	NM_001258442	29760	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	134	None
chr10:96227700:G/C:1	chr10	96227700	G|C	1	BLNK	NM_013314	29760	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	134	None
chr10:96227700:G/C:1	chr10	96227700	G|C	1	BLNK	NR_047680	29760	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	134	None
chr10:96227700:G/C:1	chr10	96227700	G|C	1	BLNK	NR_047681	29760	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	134	None
chr10:96227700:G/C:1	chr10	96227700	G|C	1	BLNK	NR_047682	29760	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	134	None
chr10:96227700:G/C:1	chr10	96227700	G|C	1	BLNK	NR_047683	29760	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	134	None
chr10:97477794:A/G:1	chr10	97477794	A|G	1	MMS19	NM_001289404	64210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61	None
chr10:97477794:A/G:1	chr10	97477794	A|G	1	MMS19	NM_001289403	64210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61	None
chr10:97477794:A/G:1	chr10	97477794	A|G	1	MMS19	NM_001289405	64210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61	None
chr10:97477794:A/G:1	chr10	97477794	A|G	1	MMS19	NM_001330128	64210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61	None
chr10:97477794:A/G:1	chr10	97477794	A|G	1	MMS19	NM_001351356	64210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61	None
chr10:97477794:A/G:1	chr10	97477794	A|G	1	MMS19	NM_001351357	64210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61	None
chr10:97477794:A/G:1	chr10	97477794	A|G	1	MMS19	NM_001351358	64210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61	None
chr10:97477794:A/G:1	chr10	97477794	A|G	1	MMS19	NM_001351359	64210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61	None
chr10:97477794:A/G:1	chr10	97477794	A|G	1	MMS19	NM_022362	64210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61	None
chr10:99894742:T/C:1	chr10	99894742	T|C	1	DNMBP	NM_001318326	23268	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	204	None
chr10:99894742:T/C:1	chr10	99894742	T|C	1	DNMBP	NM_001318327	23268	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	204	None
chr10:99894742:T/C:1	chr10	99894742	T|C	1	DNMBP	NM_015221	23268	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	204	None
chr10:101806125:C/A:1	chr10	101806125	C|A	1	OGA	NM_001142434	10724	coding	1114	671	224	C>F	nonsyn	None	MVQKESQATLEERESELSSNPAASAGASLEPPAAPAPGEDNPAGAGGAAVAGAAGGARRFLCGVVEGFYGRPWVMEQRKELFRRLQKWELNTYLYAPKDDYKHRMFWREMYSVEEAEQLMTLISAAREYEIEFIYAISPGLDITFSNPKEVSTLKRKLDQVSQFGCRSFALLFDDIDHNMCAADKEVFSSFAHAQVSITNEIYQYLGEPETFLFCPTEYCGTFCYPNVSQSPYLRTVGEKLLPGIEVLWTGPKVVSKEIPVESIEEVSKIIKRAPVIWDNIHANDYDQKRLFLGPYKGRSTELIPRLKGVLTNPNCEFEANYVAIHTLATWYKSNMNGVRKDVVMSRQVAHSGAKASVVDGTPLVAAPSLNATTVVTTVYQEPIMSQGAALSGEPTTLTKEEEKKQPDEEPMDMVVEKQEETDHKNDNQILSEIVEAKMAEELKPMDTDKESIAESKSPEMSMQEDCISDIAPMQTDEQTNKEQFVPGPNEKPLYTAEPVTLEDLQLLADLFYLPYEHGPKGAQMLREFQWLRANSSVVSVNCKGKDSEKIEEWRSRAAKFEEMCGLVMGMFTRLSNCANRTILYDMYSYVWDIKSIMSMVKSFVQWLGCRSHSSAQFLIGDQEPWAFRGGLAGEFQRLLPIDGANDLFFQPPPLTPTSKVYTIRPYFPKDEASVYKICREMYDDGVGLPFQSQPDLIGDKLVGGLLSLSLDYCFVLEDEDGICGYALGTVDVTPFIKKCKISWIPFMQEKYTKPNGDKELSEAEKIMLSFHEEQEVLPETFLANFPSLIKMDIHKKVTDPSVAKSMMACLLSSLKANGSRGAFCEVRPDDKRILEFYSKLGCFEIAKMEGFPKDVVILGRSL*|MVQKESQATLEERESELSSNPAASAGASLEPPAAPAPGEDNPAGAGGAAVAGAAGGARRFLCGVVEGFYGRPWVMEQRKELFRRLQKWELNTYLYAPKDDYKHRMFWREMYSVEEAEQLMTLISAAREYEIEFIYAISPGLDITFSNPKEVSTLKRKLDQVSQFGCRSFALLFDDIDHNMCAADKEVFSSFAHAQVSITNEIYQYLGEPETFLFCPTEYCGTFFYPNVSQSPYLRTVGEKLLPGIEVLWTGPKVVSKEIPVESIEEVSKIIKRAPVIWDNIHANDYDQKRLFLGPYKGRSTELIPRLKGVLTNPNCEFEANYVAIHTLATWYKSNMNGVRKDVVMSRQVAHSGAKASVVDGTPLVAAPSLNATTVVTTVYQEPIMSQGAALSGEPTTLTKEEEKKQPDEEPMDMVVEKQEETDHKNDNQILSEIVEAKMAEELKPMDTDKESIAESKSPEMSMQEDCISDIAPMQTDEQTNKEQFVPGPNEKPLYTAEPVTLEDLQLLADLFYLPYEHGPKGAQMLREFQWLRANSSVVSVNCKGKDSEKIEEWRSRAAKFEEMCGLVMGMFTRLSNCANRTILYDMYSYVWDIKSIMSMVKSFVQWLGCRSHSSAQFLIGDQEPWAFRGGLAGEFQRLLPIDGANDLFFQPPPLTPTSKVYTIRPYFPKDEASVYKICREMYDDGVGLPFQSQPDLIGDKLVGGLLSLSLDYCFVLEDEDGICGYALGTVDVTPFIKKCKISWIPFMQEKYTKPNGDKELSEAEKIMLSFHEEQEVLPETFLANFPSLIKMDIHKKVTDPSVAKSMMACLLSSLKANGSRGAFCEVRPDDKRILEFYSKLGCFEIAKMEGFPKDVVILGRSL*
chr10:101806125:C/A:1	chr10	101806125	C|A	1	OGA	NM_012215	10724	coding	1093	671	224	C>F	nonsyn	None	MVQKESQATLEERESELSSNPAASAGASLEPPAAPAPGEDNPAGAGGAAVAGAAGGARRFLCGVVEGFYGRPWVMEQRKELFRRLQKWELNTYLYAPKDDYKHRMFWREMYSVEEAEQLMTLISAAREYEIEFIYAISPGLDITFSNPKEVSTLKRKLDQVSQFGCRSFALLFDDIDHNMCAADKEVFSSFAHAQVSITNEIYQYLGEPETFLFCPTEYCGTFCYPNVSQSPYLRTVGEKLLPGIEVLWTGPKVVSKEIPVESIEEVSKIIKRAPVIWDNIHANDYDQKRLFLGPYKGRSTELIPRLKGVLTNPNCEFEANYVAIHTLATWYKSNMNGVRKDVVMTDSEDSTVSIQIKLENEGSDEDIETDVLYSPQMALKLALTEWLQEFGVPHQYSSRQVAHSGAKASVVDGTPLVAAPSLNATTVVTTVYQEPIMSQGAALSGEPTTLTKEEEKKQPDEEPMDMVVEKQEETDHKNDNQILSEIVEAKMAEELKPMDTDKESIAESKSPEMSMQEDCISDIAPMQTDEQTNKEQFVPGPNEKPLYTAEPVTLEDLQLLADLFYLPYEHGPKGAQMLREFQWLRANSSVVSVNCKGKDSEKIEEWRSRAAKFEEMCGLVMGMFTRLSNCANRTILYDMYSYVWDIKSIMSMVKSFVQWLGCRSHSSAQFLIGDQEPWAFRGGLAGEFQRLLPIDGANDLFFQPPPLTPTSKVYTIRPYFPKDEASVYKICREMYDDGVGLPFQSQPDLIGDKLVGGLLSLSLDYCFVLEDEDGICGYALGTVDVTPFIKKCKISWIPFMQEKYTKPNGDKELSEAEKIMLSFHEEQEVLPETFLANFPSLIKMDIHKKVTDPSVAKSMMACLLSSLKANGSRGAFCEVRPDDKRILEFYSKLGCFEIAKMEGFPKDVVILGRSL*|MVQKESQATLEERESELSSNPAASAGASLEPPAAPAPGEDNPAGAGGAAVAGAAGGARRFLCGVVEGFYGRPWVMEQRKELFRRLQKWELNTYLYAPKDDYKHRMFWREMYSVEEAEQLMTLISAAREYEIEFIYAISPGLDITFSNPKEVSTLKRKLDQVSQFGCRSFALLFDDIDHNMCAADKEVFSSFAHAQVSITNEIYQYLGEPETFLFCPTEYCGTFFYPNVSQSPYLRTVGEKLLPGIEVLWTGPKVVSKEIPVESIEEVSKIIKRAPVIWDNIHANDYDQKRLFLGPYKGRSTELIPRLKGVLTNPNCEFEANYVAIHTLATWYKSNMNGVRKDVVMTDSEDSTVSIQIKLENEGSDEDIETDVLYSPQMALKLALTEWLQEFGVPHQYSSRQVAHSGAKASVVDGTPLVAAPSLNATTVVTTVYQEPIMSQGAALSGEPTTLTKEEEKKQPDEEPMDMVVEKQEETDHKNDNQILSEIVEAKMAEELKPMDTDKESIAESKSPEMSMQEDCISDIAPMQTDEQTNKEQFVPGPNEKPLYTAEPVTLEDLQLLADLFYLPYEHGPKGAQMLREFQWLRANSSVVSVNCKGKDSEKIEEWRSRAAKFEEMCGLVMGMFTRLSNCANRTILYDMYSYVWDIKSIMSMVKSFVQWLGCRSHSSAQFLIGDQEPWAFRGGLAGEFQRLLPIDGANDLFFQPPPLTPTSKVYTIRPYFPKDEASVYKICREMYDDGVGLPFQSQPDLIGDKLVGGLLSLSLDYCFVLEDEDGICGYALGTVDVTPFIKKCKISWIPFMQEKYTKPNGDKELSEAEKIMLSFHEEQEVLPETFLANFPSLIKMDIHKKVTDPSVAKSMMACLLSSLKANGSRGAFCEVRPDDKRILEFYSKLGCFEIAKMEGFPKDVVILGRSL*
chr10:103387074:A/C:1	chr10	103387074	A|C	1	TAF5	NM_139052	6877	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	101	None
chr10:103387074:A/C:1	chr10	103387074	A|C	1	TAF5	NM_006951	6877	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	101	None
chr10:103387074:A/C:1	chr10	103387074	A|C	1	ATP5MD	NM_001206426	84833	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr10:103387074:A/C:1	chr10	103387074	A|C	1	ATP5MD	NM_001206427	84833	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr10:103387074:A/C:1	chr10	103387074	A|C	1	ATP5MD	NM_032747	84833	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr10:103661168:C/A:1	chr10	103661168	C|A	1	SH3PXD2A	NM_014631	9644	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	54	None
chr10:103661168:C/A:1	chr10	103661168	C|A	1	SH3PXD2A	NM_001365079	9644	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	54	None
chr10:112964742:G/A:1	chr10	112964742	G|A	1	TCF7L2	NM_001146283	6934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	13135	None
chr10:112964742:G/A:1	chr10	112964742	G|A	1	TCF7L2	NM_001146284	6934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	13135	None
chr10:112964742:G/A:1	chr10	112964742	G|A	1	TCF7L2	NM_001146285	6934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	13135	None
chr10:112964742:G/A:1	chr10	112964742	G|A	1	TCF7L2	NM_001146286	6934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	13135	None
chr10:112964742:G/A:1	chr10	112964742	G|A	1	TCF7L2	NM_001198525	6934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	13135	None
chr10:112964742:G/A:1	chr10	112964742	G|A	1	TCF7L2	NM_001198526	6934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	13135	None
chr10:112964742:G/A:1	chr10	112964742	G|A	1	TCF7L2	NM_001198527	6934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	13135	None
chr10:112964742:G/A:1	chr10	112964742	G|A	1	TCF7L2	NM_001198528	6934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	13135	None
chr10:112964742:G/A:1	chr10	112964742	G|A	1	TCF7L2	NM_001198529	6934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	13135	None
chr10:112964742:G/A:1	chr10	112964742	G|A	1	TCF7L2	NM_030756	6934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	13135	None
chr10:112964742:G/A:1	chr10	112964742	G|A	1	TCF7L2	NM_001198530	6934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	13135	None
chr10:112964742:G/A:1	chr10	112964742	G|A	1	TCF7L2	NM_001146274	6934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	118	None
chr10:112964742:G/A:1	chr10	112964742	G|A	1	TCF7L2	NM_001198531	6934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	118	None
chr10:112964742:G/A:1	chr10	112964742	G|A	1	TCF7L2	NM_001363501	6934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	118	None
chr10:112964742:G/A:1	chr10	112964742	G|A	1	TCF7L2	NM_001367943	6934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	118	None
chr10:121961581:G/C:1	chr10	121961581	G|C	1	NSMCE4A	NM_001167865	54780	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	64	None
chr10:121961581:G/C:1	chr10	121961581	G|C	1	NSMCE4A	NM_017615	54780	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	64	None
chr10:122085696:G/A:1	chr10	122085696	G|A	1	TACC2	NM_206861	10579	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35146	None
chr10:122085696:G/A:1	chr10	122085696	G|A	1	TACC2	NM_001291876	10579	coding	3556	3196	1066	A>T	nonsyn	None	MGNENSTSDNQRTLSAQTPRSAQPPGNSQNIKRKQQDTPGSPDHRDASSIGSVGLGGFCTASESSASLDPCLVSPEVTEPRKDPQGARGPEGSLLPSPPPSQEREHPSSSMPFAECPPEGCLASPAAAPEDGPQTQSPRREPAPNAPGDIAAAFPAERDSSTPYQEIAAVPSAGRERQPKEEGQKSSFSFSSGIDQSPGMSPVPLREPMKAPLCGEGDQPGGFESQEKEAAGGFPPAESRQGVASVQVTPEAPAAAQQGTESSAVLEKSPLKPMAPIPQDPAPRASDRERGQGEAPPQYLTDDLEFLRACHLPRSNSGAAPEAEVNAASQESCQQPVGAYLPHAELPWGLPSPALVPEAGGSGKEALDTIDVQGHPQTGMRGTKPNQVVCVAAGGQPEGGLPVSPEPSLLTPTEEAHPASSLASFPAAQIPIAVEEPGSSSRESVSKAGMPVSADAAKEVVDAGLVGLERQVSDLGSKGEHPEGDPGEVPAPSPQERGEHLNTEQSHEVQPGVPPPPLPKEQSHEVQPGAPPPPLPKAPSESARGPPGPTDGAKVHEDSTSPAVAKEGSRSPGDSPGGKEEAPEPPDGGDPGNLQGEDSQAFSSKRDPEVGKDELSKPSSDAESRDHPSSHSAQPPRKGGAGHTDGPHSQTAEADASGLPHKLGEEDPVLPPVPDGAGEPTVPEGAIWEGSGLQPKCPDTLQSREGLGRMESFLTLESEKSDFPPTPVAEVAPKAQEGESTLEIRKMGSCDGEGLLTSPDQPRGPACDASRQEFHAGVPHPPQGENLAADLGLTALILDQDQQGIPSCPGEGWIRGAASEWPLLSSEKHLQPSQAQPETSIFDVLKEQAQPPENGKETSPSHPGFKDQGADSSQIHVPVEPQEDNNLPTHGGQEQALGSELQSQLPKGTLSDTPTSSPTDMVWESSLTEESELSAPTRQKLPALGEKRPEGACGDGQSSRVSPPAADVLKDFSLAGNFSRKETCCTGQGPNKSQQALADALEEGSQHEEACQRHPGASEAADGCSPLWGLSKREMASGNTGEAPPCQPDSVALLDAVPCLPALAPASPGVTPTQDAPETEACDETQEGRQQPVPAPQQKMECWATSDAESPKLLASFPSAGEQGGEAGAAETGGSAGAGDPGKQQAPEKPGEATLSCGLLQTEHCLTSGEEASTSALRESCQAEHPMASCQDALLPARELGGIPRSTMDFSTHQAVPDPKELLLSGPPEVAAPDTPYLHVDSAAQRGAEDSGVKAVSSADPRAPGESPCPVGEPPLALENAASLKLFAGSLAPLLQPGAAGGEIPAVQASSGSPKARTTEGPVDSMPCLDRMPLLAKGKQATGEEKAATAPGAGAKASGEGMAGDAAGETEGSMERMGEPSQDPKQGTSGGVDTSSEQIATLTGFPDFREHIAKIFEKPVLGALATPGEKAGAGRSAVGKDLTRPLGPEKLLDGPPGVDVTLLPAPPARLQVEKKQQLAGEAEISHLALQDPASDKLLGPAGLTWERNLPGAGVGKEMAGVPPTLREDERPEGPGAAWPGLEGQAYSQLERSRQELASGLPSPAATQELPVERAAAFQVAPHSHGEEAVAQDRIPSGKQHQETSACDSPHGEDGPGDFAHTGVPGHVPRSTCAPSPQREVLTVPEANSEPWTLDTLGGERRPGVTAGILEMRNALGNQSTPAPPTGEVADTPLEPGKVAGAAGEAEGDITLSTAETQACASGDLPEAGTTRTFSVVAGDLVLPGSCQDPACSDKAPGMEGTAALHGDSPARPQQAKEQPGPERPIPAGDGKVCVSSPPEPDETHDPKLQHLAPEELHTDRESPRPGPSMLPSVPKKDAPRVMDKVTSDETRGAEGTESSPVADDIIQPAAPADLESPTLAASSYHGDVVGQVSTDLIAQRSSDSEEAFETPESTTPVKAPPAPPPPPPEVIPEPEVSTQPPPEEPGCGSETVPVPDGPRSDSVEGSPFRPPSHSFSAVFDEDKPIASSGTYNLDFDNIELVDTFQTLEPRASDAKNQEGKVNTRRKSTDSVPISKSTLSRSLSLQASDFDGASSSGNPEAVALAPDAYSTGSSSASSTLKRTKKPRPPSLKKKQTTKKPTETPPVKETQQEPDEESLVPSGENLASETKTESAKTEGPSPALLEETPLEPAVGPKAACPLDSESAEGVVPPASGGGRVQNSPPVGRKTLPLTTAPEAGEVTPSDSGGQEDSPAKGLSVRLEFDYSEDKSSWDNQQENPPPTKKIGKKPVAKMPLRRPKMKKTPEKLDNTPASPPRSPAEPNDIPIAKGTYTFDIDKWDDPNFNPFSSTSKMQESPKLPQQSYNFDPDTCDESVDPFKTSSKTPSSPSKSPASFEIPASAMEANGVDGDGLNKPAKKKKTPLKTDTFRVKKSPKRSPLSDPPSQDPTPAATPETPPVISAVVHATDEEKLAVTNQKWTCMTVDLEADKQDYPQPSDLSTFVNETKFSSPTEELDYRNSYEIEYMEKIGSSLPQDDDAPKKQALYLMFDTSQESPVKSSPVRMSESPTPCSGSSFEETEALVNTAAKNQHPVPRGLAPNQESHLQVPEKSSQKELEAMGLGTPSEAIEIREAAHPTDVSISKTALYSRIGTAEVEKPAGLLFQQPDLDSALQIARAEIITKEREVSEWKDKYEESRREVMEMRKIVAEYEKTIAQMIEDEQREKSVSHQTVQQLVLEKEQALADLNSVEKSLADLFRRYEKMKEVLEGFRKNEEVLKRCAQEYLSRVKKEEQRYQALKVHAEEKLDRANAEIAQVRGKAQQEQAAHQASLRKEQLRVDALERTLEQKNKEIEELTKICDELIAKMGKS*|MGNENSTSDNQRTLSAQTPRSAQPPGNSQNIKRKQQDTPGSPDHRDASSIGSVGLGGFCTASESSASLDPCLVSPEVTEPRKDPQGARGPEGSLLPSPPPSQEREHPSSSMPFAECPPEGCLASPAAAPEDGPQTQSPRREPAPNAPGDIAAAFPAERDSSTPYQEIAAVPSAGRERQPKEEGQKSSFSFSSGIDQSPGMSPVPLREPMKAPLCGEGDQPGGFESQEKEAAGGFPPAESRQGVASVQVTPEAPAAAQQGTESSAVLEKSPLKPMAPIPQDPAPRASDRERGQGEAPPQYLTDDLEFLRACHLPRSNSGAAPEAEVNAASQESCQQPVGAYLPHAELPWGLPSPALVPEAGGSGKEALDTIDVQGHPQTGMRGTKPNQVVCVAAGGQPEGGLPVSPEPSLLTPTEEAHPASSLASFPAAQIPIAVEEPGSSSRESVSKAGMPVSADAAKEVVDAGLVGLERQVSDLGSKGEHPEGDPGEVPAPSPQERGEHLNTEQSHEVQPGVPPPPLPKEQSHEVQPGAPPPPLPKAPSESARGPPGPTDGAKVHEDSTSPAVAKEGSRSPGDSPGGKEEAPEPPDGGDPGNLQGEDSQAFSSKRDPEVGKDELSKPSSDAESRDHPSSHSAQPPRKGGAGHTDGPHSQTAEADASGLPHKLGEEDPVLPPVPDGAGEPTVPEGAIWEGSGLQPKCPDTLQSREGLGRMESFLTLESEKSDFPPTPVAEVAPKAQEGESTLEIRKMGSCDGEGLLTSPDQPRGPACDASRQEFHAGVPHPPQGENLAADLGLTALILDQDQQGIPSCPGEGWIRGAASEWPLLSSEKHLQPSQAQPETSIFDVLKEQAQPPENGKETSPSHPGFKDQGADSSQIHVPVEPQEDNNLPTHGGQEQALGSELQSQLPKGTLSDTPTSSPTDMVWESSLTEESELSAPTRQKLPALGEKRPEGACGDGQSSRVSPPAADVLKDFSLAGNFSRKETCCTGQGPNKSQQALADALEEGSQHEEACQRHPGASEAADGCSPLWGLSKREMASGNTGEAPPCQPDSVALLDAVPCLPALAPTSPGVTPTQDAPETEACDETQEGRQQPVPAPQQKMECWATSDAESPKLLASFPSAGEQGGEAGAAETGGSAGAGDPGKQQAPEKPGEATLSCGLLQTEHCLTSGEEASTSALRESCQAEHPMASCQDALLPARELGGIPRSTMDFSTHQAVPDPKELLLSGPPEVAAPDTPYLHVDSAAQRGAEDSGVKAVSSADPRAPGESPCPVGEPPLALENAASLKLFAGSLAPLLQPGAAGGEIPAVQASSGSPKARTTEGPVDSMPCLDRMPLLAKGKQATGEEKAATAPGAGAKASGEGMAGDAAGETEGSMERMGEPSQDPKQGTSGGVDTSSEQIATLTGFPDFREHIAKIFEKPVLGALATPGEKAGAGRSAVGKDLTRPLGPEKLLDGPPGVDVTLLPAPPARLQVEKKQQLAGEAEISHLALQDPASDKLLGPAGLTWERNLPGAGVGKEMAGVPPTLREDERPEGPGAAWPGLEGQAYSQLERSRQELASGLPSPAATQELPVERAAAFQVAPHSHGEEAVAQDRIPSGKQHQETSACDSPHGEDGPGDFAHTGVPGHVPRSTCAPSPQREVLTVPEANSEPWTLDTLGGERRPGVTAGILEMRNALGNQSTPAPPTGEVADTPLEPGKVAGAAGEAEGDITLSTAETQACASGDLPEAGTTRTFSVVAGDLVLPGSCQDPACSDKAPGMEGTAALHGDSPARPQQAKEQPGPERPIPAGDGKVCVSSPPEPDETHDPKLQHLAPEELHTDRESPRPGPSMLPSVPKKDAPRVMDKVTSDETRGAEGTESSPVADDIIQPAAPADLESPTLAASSYHGDVVGQVSTDLIAQRSSDSEEAFETPESTTPVKAPPAPPPPPPEVIPEPEVSTQPPPEEPGCGSETVPVPDGPRSDSVEGSPFRPPSHSFSAVFDEDKPIASSGTYNLDFDNIELVDTFQTLEPRASDAKNQEGKVNTRRKSTDSVPISKSTLSRSLSLQASDFDGASSSGNPEAVALAPDAYSTGSSSASSTLKRTKKPRPPSLKKKQTTKKPTETPPVKETQQEPDEESLVPSGENLASETKTESAKTEGPSPALLEETPLEPAVGPKAACPLDSESAEGVVPPASGGGRVQNSPPVGRKTLPLTTAPEAGEVTPSDSGGQEDSPAKGLSVRLEFDYSEDKSSWDNQQENPPPTKKIGKKPVAKMPLRRPKMKKTPEKLDNTPASPPRSPAEPNDIPIAKGTYTFDIDKWDDPNFNPFSSTSKMQESPKLPQQSYNFDPDTCDESVDPFKTSSKTPSSPSKSPASFEIPASAMEANGVDGDGLNKPAKKKKTPLKTDTFRVKKSPKRSPLSDPPSQDPTPAATPETPPVISAVVHATDEEKLAVTNQKWTCMTVDLEADKQDYPQPSDLSTFVNETKFSSPTEELDYRNSYEIEYMEKIGSSLPQDDDAPKKQALYLMFDTSQESPVKSSPVRMSESPTPCSGSSFEETEALVNTAAKNQHPVPRGLAPNQESHLQVPEKSSQKELEAMGLGTPSEAIEIREAAHPTDVSISKTALYSRIGTAEVEKPAGLLFQQPDLDSALQIARAEIITKEREVSEWKDKYEESRREVMEMRKIVAEYEKTIAQMIEDEQREKSVSHQTVQQLVLEKEQALADLNSVEKSLADLFRRYEKMKEVLEGFRKNEEVLKRCAQEYLSRVKKEEQRYQALKVHAEEKLDRANAEIAQVRGKAQQEQAAHQASLRKEQLRVDALERTLEQKNKEIEELTKICDELIAKMGKS*
chr10:122085696:G/A:1	chr10	122085696	G|A	1	TACC2	NM_001291877	10579	coding	3556	3196	1066	A>T	nonsyn	None	MGNENSTSDNQRTLSAQTPRSAQPPGNSQNIKRKQQDTPGSPDHRDASSIGSVGLGGFCTASESSASLDPCLVSPEVTEPRKDPQGARGPEGSLLPSPPPSQEREHPSSSMPFAECPPEGCLASPAAAPEDGPQTQSPRREPAPNAPGDIAAAFPAERDSSTPYQEIAAVPSAGRERQPKEEGQKSSFSFSSGIDQSPGMSPVPLREPMKAPLCGEGDQPGGFESQEKEAAGGFPPAESRQGVASVQVTPEAPAAAQQGTESSAVLEKSPLKPMAPIPQDPAPRASDRERGQGEAPPQYLTDDLEFLRACHLPRSNSGAAPEAEVNAASQESCQQPVGAYLPHAELPWGLPSPALVPEAGGSGKEALDTIDVQGHPQTGMRGTKPNQVVCVAAGGQPEGGLPVSPEPSLLTPTEEAHPASSLASFPAAQIPIAVEEPGSSSRESVSKAGMPVSADAAKEVVDAGLVGLERQVSDLGSKGEHPEGDPGEVPAPSPQERGEHLNTEQSHEVQPGVPPPPLPKEQSHEVQPGAPPPPLPKAPSESARGPPGPTDGAKVHEDSTSPAVAKEGSRSPGDSPGGKEEAPEPPDGGDPGNLQGEDSQAFSSKRDPEVGKDELSKPSSDAESRDHPSSHSAQPPRKGGAGHTDGPHSQTAEADASGLPHKLGEEDPVLPPVPDGAGEPTVPEGAIWEGSGLQPKCPDTLQSREGLGRMESFLTLESEKSDFPPTPVAEVAPKAQEGESTLEIRKMGSCDGEGLLTSPDQPRGPACDASRQEFHAGVPHPPQGENLAADLGLTALILDQDQQGIPSCPGEGWIRGAASEWPLLSSEKHLQPSQAQPETSIFDVLKEQAQPPENGKETSPSHPGFKDQGADSSQIHVPVEPQEDNNLPTHGGQEQALGSELQSQLPKGTLSDTPTSSPTDMVWESSLTEESELSAPTRQKLPALGEKRPEGACGDGQSSRVSPPAADVLKDFSLAGNFSRKETCCTGQGPNKSQQALADALEEGSQHEEACQRHPGASEAADGCSPLWGLSKREMASGNTGEAPPCQPDSVALLDAVPCLPALAPASPGVTPTQDAPETEACDETQEGRQQPVPAPQQKMECWATSDAESPKLLASFPSAGEQGGEAGAAETGGSAGAGDPGKQQAPEKPGEATLSCGLLQTEHCLTSGEEASTSALRESCQAEHPMASCQDALLPARELGGIPRSTMDFSTHQAVPDPKELLLSGPPEVAAPDTPYLHVDSAAQRGAEDSGVKAVSSADPRAPGESPCPVGEPPLALENAASLKLFAGSLAPLLQPGAAGGEIPAVQASSGSPKARTTEGPVDSMPCLDRMPLLAKGKQATGEEKAATAPGAGAKASGEGMAGDAAGETEGSMERMGEPSQDPKQGTSGGVDTSSEQIATLTGFPDFREHIAKIFEKPVLGALATPGEKAGAGRSAVGKDLTRPLGPEKLLDGPPGVDVTLLPAPPARLQVEKKQQLAGEAEISHLALQDPASDKLLGPAGLTWERNLPGAGVGKEMAGVPPTLREDERPEGPGAAWPGLEGQAYSQLERSRQELASGLPSPAATQELPVERAAAFQVAPHSHGEEAVAQDRIPSGKQHQETSACDSPHGEDGPGDFAHTGVPGHVPRSTCAPSPQREVLTVPEANSEPWTLDTLGGERRPGVTAGILEMRNALGNQSTPAPPTGEVADTPLEPGKVAGAAGEAEGDITLSTAETQACASGDLPEAGTTRTFSVVAGDLVLPGSCQDPACSDKAPGMEGTAALHGDSPARPQQAKEQPGPERPIPAGDGKVCVSSPPEPDETHDPKLQHLAPEELHTDRESPRPGPSMLPSVPKKDAPRVMDKVTSDETRGAEGTERSAKDIGLWKAMMPSLDTDTLDVLERRVVLIQHEFLHKKEANGHSRFMYSSPVADDIIQPAAPADLESPTLAASSYHGDVVGQVSTDLIAQRSSDSEEAFETPESTTPVKAPPAPPPPPPEVIPEPEVSTQPPPEEPGCGSETVPVPDGPRSDSVEGSPFRPPSHSFSAVFDEDKPIASSGTYNLDFDNIELVDTFQTLEPRASDAKNQEGKVNTRRKSTDSVPISKSTLSRSLSLQASDFDGASSSGNPEAVALAPDAYSTGSSSASSTLKRTKKPRPPSLKKKQTTKKPTETPPVKETQQEPDEESLVPSGENLASETKTESAKTEGPSPALLEETPLEPAVGPKAACPLDSESAEGVVPPASGGGRVQNSPPVGRKTLPLTTAPEAGEVTPSDSGGQEDSPAKGLSVRLEFDYSEDKSSWDNQQENPPPTKKIGKKPVAKMPLRRPKMKKTPEKLDNTPASPPRSPAEPNDIPIAKGTYTFDIDKWDDPNFNPFSSTSKMQESPKLPQQSYNFDPDTCDESVDPFKTSSKTPSSPSKSPASFEIPASAMEANGVDGDGLNKPAKKKKTPLKTDTFRVKKSPKRSPLSDPPSQDPTPAATPETPPVISAVVHATDEEKLAVTNQKWTCMTVDLEADKQDYPQPSDLSTFVNETKFSSPTEELDYRNSYEIEYMEKIGSSLPQDDDAPKKQALYLMFDTSQESPVKSSPVRMSESPTPCSGSSFEETEALVNTAAKNQHPVPRGLAPNQESHLQVPEKSSQKELEAMGLGTPSEAIEIREAAHPTDVSISKTALYSRIGTAEVEKPAGLLFQQPDLDSALQIARAEIITKEREVSEWKDKYEESRREVMEMRKIVAEYEKTIAQMIEDEQREKSVSHQTVQQLVLEKEQALADLNSVEKSLADLFRRYEKMKEVLEGFRKNEEVLKRCAQEYLSRVKKEEQRYQALKVHAEEKLDRANAEIAQVRGKAQQEQAAHQASLRKEQLRVDALERTLEQKNKEIEELTKICDELIAKMGKS*|MGNENSTSDNQRTLSAQTPRSAQPPGNSQNIKRKQQDTPGSPDHRDASSIGSVGLGGFCTASESSASLDPCLVSPEVTEPRKDPQGARGPEGSLLPSPPPSQEREHPSSSMPFAECPPEGCLASPAAAPEDGPQTQSPRREPAPNAPGDIAAAFPAERDSSTPYQEIAAVPSAGRERQPKEEGQKSSFSFSSGIDQSPGMSPVPLREPMKAPLCGEGDQPGGFESQEKEAAGGFPPAESRQGVASVQVTPEAPAAAQQGTESSAVLEKSPLKPMAPIPQDPAPRASDRERGQGEAPPQYLTDDLEFLRACHLPRSNSGAAPEAEVNAASQESCQQPVGAYLPHAELPWGLPSPALVPEAGGSGKEALDTIDVQGHPQTGMRGTKPNQVVCVAAGGQPEGGLPVSPEPSLLTPTEEAHPASSLASFPAAQIPIAVEEPGSSSRESVSKAGMPVSADAAKEVVDAGLVGLERQVSDLGSKGEHPEGDPGEVPAPSPQERGEHLNTEQSHEVQPGVPPPPLPKEQSHEVQPGAPPPPLPKAPSESARGPPGPTDGAKVHEDSTSPAVAKEGSRSPGDSPGGKEEAPEPPDGGDPGNLQGEDSQAFSSKRDPEVGKDELSKPSSDAESRDHPSSHSAQPPRKGGAGHTDGPHSQTAEADASGLPHKLGEEDPVLPPVPDGAGEPTVPEGAIWEGSGLQPKCPDTLQSREGLGRMESFLTLESEKSDFPPTPVAEVAPKAQEGESTLEIRKMGSCDGEGLLTSPDQPRGPACDASRQEFHAGVPHPPQGENLAADLGLTALILDQDQQGIPSCPGEGWIRGAASEWPLLSSEKHLQPSQAQPETSIFDVLKEQAQPPENGKETSPSHPGFKDQGADSSQIHVPVEPQEDNNLPTHGGQEQALGSELQSQLPKGTLSDTPTSSPTDMVWESSLTEESELSAPTRQKLPALGEKRPEGACGDGQSSRVSPPAADVLKDFSLAGNFSRKETCCTGQGPNKSQQALADALEEGSQHEEACQRHPGASEAADGCSPLWGLSKREMASGNTGEAPPCQPDSVALLDAVPCLPALAPTSPGVTPTQDAPETEACDETQEGRQQPVPAPQQKMECWATSDAESPKLLASFPSAGEQGGEAGAAETGGSAGAGDPGKQQAPEKPGEATLSCGLLQTEHCLTSGEEASTSALRESCQAEHPMASCQDALLPARELGGIPRSTMDFSTHQAVPDPKELLLSGPPEVAAPDTPYLHVDSAAQRGAEDSGVKAVSSADPRAPGESPCPVGEPPLALENAASLKLFAGSLAPLLQPGAAGGEIPAVQASSGSPKARTTEGPVDSMPCLDRMPLLAKGKQATGEEKAATAPGAGAKASGEGMAGDAAGETEGSMERMGEPSQDPKQGTSGGVDTSSEQIATLTGFPDFREHIAKIFEKPVLGALATPGEKAGAGRSAVGKDLTRPLGPEKLLDGPPGVDVTLLPAPPARLQVEKKQQLAGEAEISHLALQDPASDKLLGPAGLTWERNLPGAGVGKEMAGVPPTLREDERPEGPGAAWPGLEGQAYSQLERSRQELASGLPSPAATQELPVERAAAFQVAPHSHGEEAVAQDRIPSGKQHQETSACDSPHGEDGPGDFAHTGVPGHVPRSTCAPSPQREVLTVPEANSEPWTLDTLGGERRPGVTAGILEMRNALGNQSTPAPPTGEVADTPLEPGKVAGAAGEAEGDITLSTAETQACASGDLPEAGTTRTFSVVAGDLVLPGSCQDPACSDKAPGMEGTAALHGDSPARPQQAKEQPGPERPIPAGDGKVCVSSPPEPDETHDPKLQHLAPEELHTDRESPRPGPSMLPSVPKKDAPRVMDKVTSDETRGAEGTERSAKDIGLWKAMMPSLDTDTLDVLERRVVLIQHEFLHKKEANGHSRFMYSSPVADDIIQPAAPADLESPTLAASSYHGDVVGQVSTDLIAQRSSDSEEAFETPESTTPVKAPPAPPPPPPEVIPEPEVSTQPPPEEPGCGSETVPVPDGPRSDSVEGSPFRPPSHSFSAVFDEDKPIASSGTYNLDFDNIELVDTFQTLEPRASDAKNQEGKVNTRRKSTDSVPISKSTLSRSLSLQASDFDGASSSGNPEAVALAPDAYSTGSSSASSTLKRTKKPRPPSLKKKQTTKKPTETPPVKETQQEPDEESLVPSGENLASETKTESAKTEGPSPALLEETPLEPAVGPKAACPLDSESAEGVVPPASGGGRVQNSPPVGRKTLPLTTAPEAGEVTPSDSGGQEDSPAKGLSVRLEFDYSEDKSSWDNQQENPPPTKKIGKKPVAKMPLRRPKMKKTPEKLDNTPASPPRSPAEPNDIPIAKGTYTFDIDKWDDPNFNPFSSTSKMQESPKLPQQSYNFDPDTCDESVDPFKTSSKTPSSPSKSPASFEIPASAMEANGVDGDGLNKPAKKKKTPLKTDTFRVKKSPKRSPLSDPPSQDPTPAATPETPPVISAVVHATDEEKLAVTNQKWTCMTVDLEADKQDYPQPSDLSTFVNETKFSSPTEELDYRNSYEIEYMEKIGSSLPQDDDAPKKQALYLMFDTSQESPVKSSPVRMSESPTPCSGSSFEETEALVNTAAKNQHPVPRGLAPNQESHLQVPEKSSQKELEAMGLGTPSEAIEIREAAHPTDVSISKTALYSRIGTAEVEKPAGLLFQQPDLDSALQIARAEIITKEREVSEWKDKYEESRREVMEMRKIVAEYEKTIAQMIEDEQREKSVSHQTVQQLVLEKEQALADLNSVEKSLADLFRRYEKMKEVLEGFRKNEEVLKRCAQEYLSRVKKEEQRYQALKVHAEEKLDRANAEIAQVRGKAQQEQAAHQASLRKEQLRVDALERTLEQKNKEIEELTKICDELIAKMGKS*
chr10:122085696:G/A:1	chr10	122085696	G|A	1	TACC2	NM_206862	10579	coding	3567	3196	1066	A>T	nonsyn	None	MGNENSTSDNQRTLSAQTPRSAQPPGNSQNIKRKQQDTPGSPDHRDASSIGSVGLGGFCTASESSASLDPCLVSPEVTEPRKDPQGARGPEGSLLPSPPPSQEREHPSSSMPFAECPPEGCLASPAAAPEDGPQTQSPRREPAPNAPGDIAAAFPAERDSSTPYQEIAAVPSAGRERQPKEEGQKSSFSFSSGIDQSPGMSPVPLREPMKAPLCGEGDQPGGFESQEKEAAGGFPPAESRQGVASVQVTPEAPAAAQQGTESSAVLEKSPLKPMAPIPQDPAPRASDRERGQGEAPPQYLTDDLEFLRACHLPRSNSGAAPEAEVNAASQESCQQPVGAYLPHAELPWGLPSPALVPEAGGSGKEALDTIDVQGHPQTGMRGTKPNQVVCVAAGGQPEGGLPVSPEPSLLTPTEEAHPASSLASFPAAQIPIAVEEPGSSSRESVSKAGMPVSADAAKEVVDAGLVGLERQVSDLGSKGEHPEGDPGEVPAPSPQERGEHLNTEQSHEVQPGVPPPPLPKEQSHEVQPGAPPPPLPKAPSESARGPPGPTDGAKVHEDSTSPAVAKEGSRSPGDSPGGKEEAPEPPDGGDPGNLQGEDSQAFSSKRDPEVGKDELSKPSSDAESRDHPSSHSAQPPRKGGAGHTDGPHSQTAEADASGLPHKLGEEDPVLPPVPDGAGEPTVPEGAIWEGSGLQPKCPDTLQSREGLGRMESFLTLESEKSDFPPTPVAEVAPKAQEGESTLEIRKMGSCDGEGLLTSPDQPRGPACDASRQEFHAGVPHPPQGENLAADLGLTALILDQDQQGIPSCPGEGWIRGAASEWPLLSSEKHLQPSQAQPETSIFDVLKEQAQPPENGKETSPSHPGFKDQGADSSQIHVPVEPQEDNNLPTHGGQEQALGSELQSQLPKGTLSDTPTSSPTDMVWESSLTEESELSAPTRQKLPALGEKRPEGACGDGQSSRVSPPAADVLKDFSLAGNFSRKETCCTGQGPNKSQQALADALEEGSQHEEACQRHPGASEAADGCSPLWGLSKREMASGNTGEAPPCQPDSVALLDAVPCLPALAPASPGVTPTQDAPETEACDETQEGRQQPVPAPQQKMECWATSDAESPKLLASFPSAGEQGGEAGAAETGGSAGAGDPGKQQAPEKPGEATLSCGLLQTEHCLTSGEEASTSALRESCQAEHPMASCQDALLPARELGGIPRSTMDFSTHQAVPDPKELLLSGPPEVAAPDTPYLHVDSAAQRGAEDSGVKAVSSADPRAPGESPCPVGEPPLALENAASLKLFAGSLAPLLQPGAAGGEIPAVQASSGSPKARTTEGPVDSMPCLDRMPLLAKGKQATGEEKAATAPGAGAKASGEGMAGDAAGETEGSMERMGEPSQDPKQGTSGGVDTSSEQIATLTGFPDFREHIAKIFEKPVLGALATPGEKAGAGRSAVGKDLTRPLGPEKLLDGPPGVDVTLLPAPPARLQVEKKQQLAGEAEISHLALQDPASDKLLGPAGLTWERNLPGAGVGKEMAGVPPTLREDERPEGPGAAWPGLEGQAYSQLERSRQELASGLPSPAATQELPVERAAAFQVAPHSHGEEAVAQDRIPSGKQHQETSACDSPHGEDGPGDFAHTGVPGHVPRSTCAPSPQREVLTVPEANSEPWTLDTLGGERRPGVTAGILEMRNALGNQSTPAPPTGEVADTPLEPGKVAGAAGEAEGDITLSTAETQACASGDLPEAGTTRTFSVVAGDLVLPGSCQDPACSDKAPGMEGTAALHGDSPARPQQAKEQPGPERPIPAGDGKVCVSSPPEPDETHDPKLQHLAPEELHTDRESPRPGPSMLPSVPKKDAPRVMDKVTSDETRGAEGTESSPVADDIIQPAAPADLESPTLAASSYHGDVVGQVSTDLIAQSISPAAAHAGLPPSAAEHIVSPSAPAGDRVEASTPSCPDPAKDLSRSSDSEEAFETPESTTPVKAPPAPPPPPPEVIPEPEVSTQPPPEEPGCGSETVPVPDGPRSDSVEGSPFRPPSHSFSAVFDEDKPIASSGTYNLDFDNIELVDTFQTLEPRASDAKNQEGKVNTRRKSTDSVPISKSTLSRSLSLQASDFDGASSSGNPEAVALAPDAYSTGSSSASSTLKRTKKPRPPSLKKKQTTKKPTETPPVKETQQEPDEESLVPSGENLASETKTESAKTEGPSPALLEETPLEPAVGPKAACPLDSESAEGVVPPASGGGRVQNSPPVGRKTLPLTTAPEAGEVTPSDSGGQEDSPAKGLSVRLEFDYSEDKSSWDNQQENPPPTKKIGKKPVAKMPLRRPKMKKTPEKLDNTPASPPRSPAEPNDIPIAKGTYTFDIDKWDDPNFNPFSSTSKMQESPKLPQQSYNFDPDTCDESVDPFKTSSKTPSSPSKSPASFEIPASAMEANGVDGDGLNKPAKKKKTPLKTDTFRVKKSPKRSPLSDPPSQDPTPAATPETPPVISAVVHATDEEKLAVTNQKWTCMTVDLEADKQDYPQPSDLSTFVNETKFSSPTEELDYRNSYEIEYMEKIGSSLPQDDDAPKKQALYLMFDTSQESPVKSSPVRMSESPTPCSGSSFEETEALVNTAAKNQHPVPRGLAPNQESHLQVPEKSSQKELEAMGLGTPSEAIEITAPEGSFASADALLSRLAHPVSLCGALDYLEPDLAEKNPPLFAQKLQEELEFAIMRIEALKLARQIALASRSHQDAKREAAHPTDVSISKTALYSRIGTAEVEKPAGLLFQQPDLDSALQIARAEIITKEREVSEWKDKYEESRREVMEMRKIVAEYEKTIAQMIEDEQREKSVSHQTVQQLVLEKEQALADLNSVEKSLADLFRRYEKMKEVLEGFRKNEEVLKRCAQEYLSRVKKEEQRYQALKVHAEEKLDRANAEIAQVRGKAQQEQAAHQASLRKEQLRVDALERTLEQKNKEIEELTKICDELIAKMGKS*|MGNENSTSDNQRTLSAQTPRSAQPPGNSQNIKRKQQDTPGSPDHRDASSIGSVGLGGFCTASESSASLDPCLVSPEVTEPRKDPQGARGPEGSLLPSPPPSQEREHPSSSMPFAECPPEGCLASPAAAPEDGPQTQSPRREPAPNAPGDIAAAFPAERDSSTPYQEIAAVPSAGRERQPKEEGQKSSFSFSSGIDQSPGMSPVPLREPMKAPLCGEGDQPGGFESQEKEAAGGFPPAESRQGVASVQVTPEAPAAAQQGTESSAVLEKSPLKPMAPIPQDPAPRASDRERGQGEAPPQYLTDDLEFLRACHLPRSNSGAAPEAEVNAASQESCQQPVGAYLPHAELPWGLPSPALVPEAGGSGKEALDTIDVQGHPQTGMRGTKPNQVVCVAAGGQPEGGLPVSPEPSLLTPTEEAHPASSLASFPAAQIPIAVEEPGSSSRESVSKAGMPVSADAAKEVVDAGLVGLERQVSDLGSKGEHPEGDPGEVPAPSPQERGEHLNTEQSHEVQPGVPPPPLPKEQSHEVQPGAPPPPLPKAPSESARGPPGPTDGAKVHEDSTSPAVAKEGSRSPGDSPGGKEEAPEPPDGGDPGNLQGEDSQAFSSKRDPEVGKDELSKPSSDAESRDHPSSHSAQPPRKGGAGHTDGPHSQTAEADASGLPHKLGEEDPVLPPVPDGAGEPTVPEGAIWEGSGLQPKCPDTLQSREGLGRMESFLTLESEKSDFPPTPVAEVAPKAQEGESTLEIRKMGSCDGEGLLTSPDQPRGPACDASRQEFHAGVPHPPQGENLAADLGLTALILDQDQQGIPSCPGEGWIRGAASEWPLLSSEKHLQPSQAQPETSIFDVLKEQAQPPENGKETSPSHPGFKDQGADSSQIHVPVEPQEDNNLPTHGGQEQALGSELQSQLPKGTLSDTPTSSPTDMVWESSLTEESELSAPTRQKLPALGEKRPEGACGDGQSSRVSPPAADVLKDFSLAGNFSRKETCCTGQGPNKSQQALADALEEGSQHEEACQRHPGASEAADGCSPLWGLSKREMASGNTGEAPPCQPDSVALLDAVPCLPALAPTSPGVTPTQDAPETEACDETQEGRQQPVPAPQQKMECWATSDAESPKLLASFPSAGEQGGEAGAAETGGSAGAGDPGKQQAPEKPGEATLSCGLLQTEHCLTSGEEASTSALRESCQAEHPMASCQDALLPARELGGIPRSTMDFSTHQAVPDPKELLLSGPPEVAAPDTPYLHVDSAAQRGAEDSGVKAVSSADPRAPGESPCPVGEPPLALENAASLKLFAGSLAPLLQPGAAGGEIPAVQASSGSPKARTTEGPVDSMPCLDRMPLLAKGKQATGEEKAATAPGAGAKASGEGMAGDAAGETEGSMERMGEPSQDPKQGTSGGVDTSSEQIATLTGFPDFREHIAKIFEKPVLGALATPGEKAGAGRSAVGKDLTRPLGPEKLLDGPPGVDVTLLPAPPARLQVEKKQQLAGEAEISHLALQDPASDKLLGPAGLTWERNLPGAGVGKEMAGVPPTLREDERPEGPGAAWPGLEGQAYSQLERSRQELASGLPSPAATQELPVERAAAFQVAPHSHGEEAVAQDRIPSGKQHQETSACDSPHGEDGPGDFAHTGVPGHVPRSTCAPSPQREVLTVPEANSEPWTLDTLGGERRPGVTAGILEMRNALGNQSTPAPPTGEVADTPLEPGKVAGAAGEAEGDITLSTAETQACASGDLPEAGTTRTFSVVAGDLVLPGSCQDPACSDKAPGMEGTAALHGDSPARPQQAKEQPGPERPIPAGDGKVCVSSPPEPDETHDPKLQHLAPEELHTDRESPRPGPSMLPSVPKKDAPRVMDKVTSDETRGAEGTESSPVADDIIQPAAPADLESPTLAASSYHGDVVGQVSTDLIAQSISPAAAHAGLPPSAAEHIVSPSAPAGDRVEASTPSCPDPAKDLSRSSDSEEAFETPESTTPVKAPPAPPPPPPEVIPEPEVSTQPPPEEPGCGSETVPVPDGPRSDSVEGSPFRPPSHSFSAVFDEDKPIASSGTYNLDFDNIELVDTFQTLEPRASDAKNQEGKVNTRRKSTDSVPISKSTLSRSLSLQASDFDGASSSGNPEAVALAPDAYSTGSSSASSTLKRTKKPRPPSLKKKQTTKKPTETPPVKETQQEPDEESLVPSGENLASETKTESAKTEGPSPALLEETPLEPAVGPKAACPLDSESAEGVVPPASGGGRVQNSPPVGRKTLPLTTAPEAGEVTPSDSGGQEDSPAKGLSVRLEFDYSEDKSSWDNQQENPPPTKKIGKKPVAKMPLRRPKMKKTPEKLDNTPASPPRSPAEPNDIPIAKGTYTFDIDKWDDPNFNPFSSTSKMQESPKLPQQSYNFDPDTCDESVDPFKTSSKTPSSPSKSPASFEIPASAMEANGVDGDGLNKPAKKKKTPLKTDTFRVKKSPKRSPLSDPPSQDPTPAATPETPPVISAVVHATDEEKLAVTNQKWTCMTVDLEADKQDYPQPSDLSTFVNETKFSSPTEELDYRNSYEIEYMEKIGSSLPQDDDAPKKQALYLMFDTSQESPVKSSPVRMSESPTPCSGSSFEETEALVNTAAKNQHPVPRGLAPNQESHLQVPEKSSQKELEAMGLGTPSEAIEITAPEGSFASADALLSRLAHPVSLCGALDYLEPDLAEKNPPLFAQKLQEELEFAIMRIEALKLARQIALASRSHQDAKREAAHPTDVSISKTALYSRIGTAEVEKPAGLLFQQPDLDSALQIARAEIITKEREVSEWKDKYEESRREVMEMRKIVAEYEKTIAQMIEDEQREKSVSHQTVQQLVLEKEQALADLNSVEKSLADLFRRYEKMKEVLEGFRKNEEVLKRCAQEYLSRVKKEEQRYQALKVHAEEKLDRANAEIAQVRGKAQQEQAAHQASLRKEQLRVDALERTLEQKNKEIEELTKICDELIAKMGKS*
chr10:122086970:A/G:1	chr10	122086970	A|G	1	TACC2	NM_206861	10579	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	36420	None
chr10:122086970:A/G:1	chr10	122086970	A|G	1	TACC2	NM_001291876	10579	coding	4830	4470	1490	Q>Q	syn	None	MGNENSTSDNQRTLSAQTPRSAQPPGNSQNIKRKQQDTPGSPDHRDASSIGSVGLGGFCTASESSASLDPCLVSPEVTEPRKDPQGARGPEGSLLPSPPPSQEREHPSSSMPFAECPPEGCLASPAAAPEDGPQTQSPRREPAPNAPGDIAAAFPAERDSSTPYQEIAAVPSAGRERQPKEEGQKSSFSFSSGIDQSPGMSPVPLREPMKAPLCGEGDQPGGFESQEKEAAGGFPPAESRQGVASVQVTPEAPAAAQQGTESSAVLEKSPLKPMAPIPQDPAPRASDRERGQGEAPPQYLTDDLEFLRACHLPRSNSGAAPEAEVNAASQESCQQPVGAYLPHAELPWGLPSPALVPEAGGSGKEALDTIDVQGHPQTGMRGTKPNQVVCVAAGGQPEGGLPVSPEPSLLTPTEEAHPASSLASFPAAQIPIAVEEPGSSSRESVSKAGMPVSADAAKEVVDAGLVGLERQVSDLGSKGEHPEGDPGEVPAPSPQERGEHLNTEQSHEVQPGVPPPPLPKEQSHEVQPGAPPPPLPKAPSESARGPPGPTDGAKVHEDSTSPAVAKEGSRSPGDSPGGKEEAPEPPDGGDPGNLQGEDSQAFSSKRDPEVGKDELSKPSSDAESRDHPSSHSAQPPRKGGAGHTDGPHSQTAEADASGLPHKLGEEDPVLPPVPDGAGEPTVPEGAIWEGSGLQPKCPDTLQSREGLGRMESFLTLESEKSDFPPTPVAEVAPKAQEGESTLEIRKMGSCDGEGLLTSPDQPRGPACDASRQEFHAGVPHPPQGENLAADLGLTALILDQDQQGIPSCPGEGWIRGAASEWPLLSSEKHLQPSQAQPETSIFDVLKEQAQPPENGKETSPSHPGFKDQGADSSQIHVPVEPQEDNNLPTHGGQEQALGSELQSQLPKGTLSDTPTSSPTDMVWESSLTEESELSAPTRQKLPALGEKRPEGACGDGQSSRVSPPAADVLKDFSLAGNFSRKETCCTGQGPNKSQQALADALEEGSQHEEACQRHPGASEAADGCSPLWGLSKREMASGNTGEAPPCQPDSVALLDAVPCLPALAPASPGVTPTQDAPETEACDETQEGRQQPVPAPQQKMECWATSDAESPKLLASFPSAGEQGGEAGAAETGGSAGAGDPGKQQAPEKPGEATLSCGLLQTEHCLTSGEEASTSALRESCQAEHPMASCQDALLPARELGGIPRSTMDFSTHQAVPDPKELLLSGPPEVAAPDTPYLHVDSAAQRGAEDSGVKAVSSADPRAPGESPCPVGEPPLALENAASLKLFAGSLAPLLQPGAAGGEIPAVQASSGSPKARTTEGPVDSMPCLDRMPLLAKGKQATGEEKAATAPGAGAKASGEGMAGDAAGETEGSMERMGEPSQDPKQGTSGGVDTSSEQIATLTGFPDFREHIAKIFEKPVLGALATPGEKAGAGRSAVGKDLTRPLGPEKLLDGPPGVDVTLLPAPPARLQVEKKQQLAGEAEISHLALQDPASDKLLGPAGLTWERNLPGAGVGKEMAGVPPTLREDERPEGPGAAWPGLEGQAYSQLERSRQELASGLPSPAATQELPVERAAAFQVAPHSHGEEAVAQDRIPSGKQHQETSACDSPHGEDGPGDFAHTGVPGHVPRSTCAPSPQREVLTVPEANSEPWTLDTLGGERRPGVTAGILEMRNALGNQSTPAPPTGEVADTPLEPGKVAGAAGEAEGDITLSTAETQACASGDLPEAGTTRTFSVVAGDLVLPGSCQDPACSDKAPGMEGTAALHGDSPARPQQAKEQPGPERPIPAGDGKVCVSSPPEPDETHDPKLQHLAPEELHTDRESPRPGPSMLPSVPKKDAPRVMDKVTSDETRGAEGTESSPVADDIIQPAAPADLESPTLAASSYHGDVVGQVSTDLIAQRSSDSEEAFETPESTTPVKAPPAPPPPPPEVIPEPEVSTQPPPEEPGCGSETVPVPDGPRSDSVEGSPFRPPSHSFSAVFDEDKPIASSGTYNLDFDNIELVDTFQTLEPRASDAKNQEGKVNTRRKSTDSVPISKSTLSRSLSLQASDFDGASSSGNPEAVALAPDAYSTGSSSASSTLKRTKKPRPPSLKKKQTTKKPTETPPVKETQQEPDEESLVPSGENLASETKTESAKTEGPSPALLEETPLEPAVGPKAACPLDSESAEGVVPPASGGGRVQNSPPVGRKTLPLTTAPEAGEVTPSDSGGQEDSPAKGLSVRLEFDYSEDKSSWDNQQENPPPTKKIGKKPVAKMPLRRPKMKKTPEKLDNTPASPPRSPAEPNDIPIAKGTYTFDIDKWDDPNFNPFSSTSKMQESPKLPQQSYNFDPDTCDESVDPFKTSSKTPSSPSKSPASFEIPASAMEANGVDGDGLNKPAKKKKTPLKTDTFRVKKSPKRSPLSDPPSQDPTPAATPETPPVISAVVHATDEEKLAVTNQKWTCMTVDLEADKQDYPQPSDLSTFVNETKFSSPTEELDYRNSYEIEYMEKIGSSLPQDDDAPKKQALYLMFDTSQESPVKSSPVRMSESPTPCSGSSFEETEALVNTAAKNQHPVPRGLAPNQESHLQVPEKSSQKELEAMGLGTPSEAIEIREAAHPTDVSISKTALYSRIGTAEVEKPAGLLFQQPDLDSALQIARAEIITKEREVSEWKDKYEESRREVMEMRKIVAEYEKTIAQMIEDEQREKSVSHQTVQQLVLEKEQALADLNSVEKSLADLFRRYEKMKEVLEGFRKNEEVLKRCAQEYLSRVKKEEQRYQALKVHAEEKLDRANAEIAQVRGKAQQEQAAHQASLRKEQLRVDALERTLEQKNKEIEELTKICDELIAKMGKS*
chr10:122086970:A/G:1	chr10	122086970	A|G	1	TACC2	NM_001291877	10579	coding	4830	4470	1490	Q>Q	syn	None	MGNENSTSDNQRTLSAQTPRSAQPPGNSQNIKRKQQDTPGSPDHRDASSIGSVGLGGFCTASESSASLDPCLVSPEVTEPRKDPQGARGPEGSLLPSPPPSQEREHPSSSMPFAECPPEGCLASPAAAPEDGPQTQSPRREPAPNAPGDIAAAFPAERDSSTPYQEIAAVPSAGRERQPKEEGQKSSFSFSSGIDQSPGMSPVPLREPMKAPLCGEGDQPGGFESQEKEAAGGFPPAESRQGVASVQVTPEAPAAAQQGTESSAVLEKSPLKPMAPIPQDPAPRASDRERGQGEAPPQYLTDDLEFLRACHLPRSNSGAAPEAEVNAASQESCQQPVGAYLPHAELPWGLPSPALVPEAGGSGKEALDTIDVQGHPQTGMRGTKPNQVVCVAAGGQPEGGLPVSPEPSLLTPTEEAHPASSLASFPAAQIPIAVEEPGSSSRESVSKAGMPVSADAAKEVVDAGLVGLERQVSDLGSKGEHPEGDPGEVPAPSPQERGEHLNTEQSHEVQPGVPPPPLPKEQSHEVQPGAPPPPLPKAPSESARGPPGPTDGAKVHEDSTSPAVAKEGSRSPGDSPGGKEEAPEPPDGGDPGNLQGEDSQAFSSKRDPEVGKDELSKPSSDAESRDHPSSHSAQPPRKGGAGHTDGPHSQTAEADASGLPHKLGEEDPVLPPVPDGAGEPTVPEGAIWEGSGLQPKCPDTLQSREGLGRMESFLTLESEKSDFPPTPVAEVAPKAQEGESTLEIRKMGSCDGEGLLTSPDQPRGPACDASRQEFHAGVPHPPQGENLAADLGLTALILDQDQQGIPSCPGEGWIRGAASEWPLLSSEKHLQPSQAQPETSIFDVLKEQAQPPENGKETSPSHPGFKDQGADSSQIHVPVEPQEDNNLPTHGGQEQALGSELQSQLPKGTLSDTPTSSPTDMVWESSLTEESELSAPTRQKLPALGEKRPEGACGDGQSSRVSPPAADVLKDFSLAGNFSRKETCCTGQGPNKSQQALADALEEGSQHEEACQRHPGASEAADGCSPLWGLSKREMASGNTGEAPPCQPDSVALLDAVPCLPALAPASPGVTPTQDAPETEACDETQEGRQQPVPAPQQKMECWATSDAESPKLLASFPSAGEQGGEAGAAETGGSAGAGDPGKQQAPEKPGEATLSCGLLQTEHCLTSGEEASTSALRESCQAEHPMASCQDALLPARELGGIPRSTMDFSTHQAVPDPKELLLSGPPEVAAPDTPYLHVDSAAQRGAEDSGVKAVSSADPRAPGESPCPVGEPPLALENAASLKLFAGSLAPLLQPGAAGGEIPAVQASSGSPKARTTEGPVDSMPCLDRMPLLAKGKQATGEEKAATAPGAGAKASGEGMAGDAAGETEGSMERMGEPSQDPKQGTSGGVDTSSEQIATLTGFPDFREHIAKIFEKPVLGALATPGEKAGAGRSAVGKDLTRPLGPEKLLDGPPGVDVTLLPAPPARLQVEKKQQLAGEAEISHLALQDPASDKLLGPAGLTWERNLPGAGVGKEMAGVPPTLREDERPEGPGAAWPGLEGQAYSQLERSRQELASGLPSPAATQELPVERAAAFQVAPHSHGEEAVAQDRIPSGKQHQETSACDSPHGEDGPGDFAHTGVPGHVPRSTCAPSPQREVLTVPEANSEPWTLDTLGGERRPGVTAGILEMRNALGNQSTPAPPTGEVADTPLEPGKVAGAAGEAEGDITLSTAETQACASGDLPEAGTTRTFSVVAGDLVLPGSCQDPACSDKAPGMEGTAALHGDSPARPQQAKEQPGPERPIPAGDGKVCVSSPPEPDETHDPKLQHLAPEELHTDRESPRPGPSMLPSVPKKDAPRVMDKVTSDETRGAEGTERSAKDIGLWKAMMPSLDTDTLDVLERRVVLIQHEFLHKKEANGHSRFMYSSPVADDIIQPAAPADLESPTLAASSYHGDVVGQVSTDLIAQRSSDSEEAFETPESTTPVKAPPAPPPPPPEVIPEPEVSTQPPPEEPGCGSETVPVPDGPRSDSVEGSPFRPPSHSFSAVFDEDKPIASSGTYNLDFDNIELVDTFQTLEPRASDAKNQEGKVNTRRKSTDSVPISKSTLSRSLSLQASDFDGASSSGNPEAVALAPDAYSTGSSSASSTLKRTKKPRPPSLKKKQTTKKPTETPPVKETQQEPDEESLVPSGENLASETKTESAKTEGPSPALLEETPLEPAVGPKAACPLDSESAEGVVPPASGGGRVQNSPPVGRKTLPLTTAPEAGEVTPSDSGGQEDSPAKGLSVRLEFDYSEDKSSWDNQQENPPPTKKIGKKPVAKMPLRRPKMKKTPEKLDNTPASPPRSPAEPNDIPIAKGTYTFDIDKWDDPNFNPFSSTSKMQESPKLPQQSYNFDPDTCDESVDPFKTSSKTPSSPSKSPASFEIPASAMEANGVDGDGLNKPAKKKKTPLKTDTFRVKKSPKRSPLSDPPSQDPTPAATPETPPVISAVVHATDEEKLAVTNQKWTCMTVDLEADKQDYPQPSDLSTFVNETKFSSPTEELDYRNSYEIEYMEKIGSSLPQDDDAPKKQALYLMFDTSQESPVKSSPVRMSESPTPCSGSSFEETEALVNTAAKNQHPVPRGLAPNQESHLQVPEKSSQKELEAMGLGTPSEAIEIREAAHPTDVSISKTALYSRIGTAEVEKPAGLLFQQPDLDSALQIARAEIITKEREVSEWKDKYEESRREVMEMRKIVAEYEKTIAQMIEDEQREKSVSHQTVQQLVLEKEQALADLNSVEKSLADLFRRYEKMKEVLEGFRKNEEVLKRCAQEYLSRVKKEEQRYQALKVHAEEKLDRANAEIAQVRGKAQQEQAAHQASLRKEQLRVDALERTLEQKNKEIEELTKICDELIAKMGKS*
chr10:122086970:A/G:1	chr10	122086970	A|G	1	TACC2	NM_206862	10579	coding	4841	4470	1490	Q>Q	syn	None	MGNENSTSDNQRTLSAQTPRSAQPPGNSQNIKRKQQDTPGSPDHRDASSIGSVGLGGFCTASESSASLDPCLVSPEVTEPRKDPQGARGPEGSLLPSPPPSQEREHPSSSMPFAECPPEGCLASPAAAPEDGPQTQSPRREPAPNAPGDIAAAFPAERDSSTPYQEIAAVPSAGRERQPKEEGQKSSFSFSSGIDQSPGMSPVPLREPMKAPLCGEGDQPGGFESQEKEAAGGFPPAESRQGVASVQVTPEAPAAAQQGTESSAVLEKSPLKPMAPIPQDPAPRASDRERGQGEAPPQYLTDDLEFLRACHLPRSNSGAAPEAEVNAASQESCQQPVGAYLPHAELPWGLPSPALVPEAGGSGKEALDTIDVQGHPQTGMRGTKPNQVVCVAAGGQPEGGLPVSPEPSLLTPTEEAHPASSLASFPAAQIPIAVEEPGSSSRESVSKAGMPVSADAAKEVVDAGLVGLERQVSDLGSKGEHPEGDPGEVPAPSPQERGEHLNTEQSHEVQPGVPPPPLPKEQSHEVQPGAPPPPLPKAPSESARGPPGPTDGAKVHEDSTSPAVAKEGSRSPGDSPGGKEEAPEPPDGGDPGNLQGEDSQAFSSKRDPEVGKDELSKPSSDAESRDHPSSHSAQPPRKGGAGHTDGPHSQTAEADASGLPHKLGEEDPVLPPVPDGAGEPTVPEGAIWEGSGLQPKCPDTLQSREGLGRMESFLTLESEKSDFPPTPVAEVAPKAQEGESTLEIRKMGSCDGEGLLTSPDQPRGPACDASRQEFHAGVPHPPQGENLAADLGLTALILDQDQQGIPSCPGEGWIRGAASEWPLLSSEKHLQPSQAQPETSIFDVLKEQAQPPENGKETSPSHPGFKDQGADSSQIHVPVEPQEDNNLPTHGGQEQALGSELQSQLPKGTLSDTPTSSPTDMVWESSLTEESELSAPTRQKLPALGEKRPEGACGDGQSSRVSPPAADVLKDFSLAGNFSRKETCCTGQGPNKSQQALADALEEGSQHEEACQRHPGASEAADGCSPLWGLSKREMASGNTGEAPPCQPDSVALLDAVPCLPALAPASPGVTPTQDAPETEACDETQEGRQQPVPAPQQKMECWATSDAESPKLLASFPSAGEQGGEAGAAETGGSAGAGDPGKQQAPEKPGEATLSCGLLQTEHCLTSGEEASTSALRESCQAEHPMASCQDALLPARELGGIPRSTMDFSTHQAVPDPKELLLSGPPEVAAPDTPYLHVDSAAQRGAEDSGVKAVSSADPRAPGESPCPVGEPPLALENAASLKLFAGSLAPLLQPGAAGGEIPAVQASSGSPKARTTEGPVDSMPCLDRMPLLAKGKQATGEEKAATAPGAGAKASGEGMAGDAAGETEGSMERMGEPSQDPKQGTSGGVDTSSEQIATLTGFPDFREHIAKIFEKPVLGALATPGEKAGAGRSAVGKDLTRPLGPEKLLDGPPGVDVTLLPAPPARLQVEKKQQLAGEAEISHLALQDPASDKLLGPAGLTWERNLPGAGVGKEMAGVPPTLREDERPEGPGAAWPGLEGQAYSQLERSRQELASGLPSPAATQELPVERAAAFQVAPHSHGEEAVAQDRIPSGKQHQETSACDSPHGEDGPGDFAHTGVPGHVPRSTCAPSPQREVLTVPEANSEPWTLDTLGGERRPGVTAGILEMRNALGNQSTPAPPTGEVADTPLEPGKVAGAAGEAEGDITLSTAETQACASGDLPEAGTTRTFSVVAGDLVLPGSCQDPACSDKAPGMEGTAALHGDSPARPQQAKEQPGPERPIPAGDGKVCVSSPPEPDETHDPKLQHLAPEELHTDRESPRPGPSMLPSVPKKDAPRVMDKVTSDETRGAEGTESSPVADDIIQPAAPADLESPTLAASSYHGDVVGQVSTDLIAQSISPAAAHAGLPPSAAEHIVSPSAPAGDRVEASTPSCPDPAKDLSRSSDSEEAFETPESTTPVKAPPAPPPPPPEVIPEPEVSTQPPPEEPGCGSETVPVPDGPRSDSVEGSPFRPPSHSFSAVFDEDKPIASSGTYNLDFDNIELVDTFQTLEPRASDAKNQEGKVNTRRKSTDSVPISKSTLSRSLSLQASDFDGASSSGNPEAVALAPDAYSTGSSSASSTLKRTKKPRPPSLKKKQTTKKPTETPPVKETQQEPDEESLVPSGENLASETKTESAKTEGPSPALLEETPLEPAVGPKAACPLDSESAEGVVPPASGGGRVQNSPPVGRKTLPLTTAPEAGEVTPSDSGGQEDSPAKGLSVRLEFDYSEDKSSWDNQQENPPPTKKIGKKPVAKMPLRRPKMKKTPEKLDNTPASPPRSPAEPNDIPIAKGTYTFDIDKWDDPNFNPFSSTSKMQESPKLPQQSYNFDPDTCDESVDPFKTSSKTPSSPSKSPASFEIPASAMEANGVDGDGLNKPAKKKKTPLKTDTFRVKKSPKRSPLSDPPSQDPTPAATPETPPVISAVVHATDEEKLAVTNQKWTCMTVDLEADKQDYPQPSDLSTFVNETKFSSPTEELDYRNSYEIEYMEKIGSSLPQDDDAPKKQALYLMFDTSQESPVKSSPVRMSESPTPCSGSSFEETEALVNTAAKNQHPVPRGLAPNQESHLQVPEKSSQKELEAMGLGTPSEAIEITAPEGSFASADALLSRLAHPVSLCGALDYLEPDLAEKNPPLFAQKLQEELEFAIMRIEALKLARQIALASRSHQDAKREAAHPTDVSISKTALYSRIGTAEVEKPAGLLFQQPDLDSALQIARAEIITKEREVSEWKDKYEESRREVMEMRKIVAEYEKTIAQMIEDEQREKSVSHQTVQQLVLEKEQALADLNSVEKSLADLFRRYEKMKEVLEGFRKNEEVLKRCAQEYLSRVKKEEQRYQALKVHAEEKLDRANAEIAQVRGKAQQEQAAHQASLRKEQLRVDALERTLEQKNKEIEELTKICDELIAKMGKS*
chr10:125772339:G/A:1	chr10	125772339	G|A	1	MMP21	NM_147191	118856	coding	858	858	286	G>G	syn	None	MLAASIFRPTLLLCWLAAPWPTQPESLFHSRDRSDLEPSPLRQAKPIADLHAAQRFLSRYGWSGVWAAWGPSPEGPPETPKGAALAEAVRRFQRANALPASGELDAATLAAMNRPRCGVPDMRPPPPSAPPSPPGPPPRARSRRSPRAPLSLSRRGWQPRGYPDGGAAQAFSKRTLSWRLLGEALSSQLSVADQRRIVALAFRMWSEVTPLDFREDLAAPGAAVDIKLGFGRGRHLGCPRAFDGSGQEFAHAWRLGDIHFDDDEHFTPPTSDTGISLLKVAVHEIGHVLGLPHTYRTGSIMQPNYIPQEPAFELDWSDRKAIQKLYGSCEGSFDTAFDWIRKERNQYGEVMVRFSTYFFRNSWYWLYENRNNRTRYGDPIQILTGWPGIPTHNIDAFVHIWTWKRDERYFFQGNQYWRYDSDKDQALTEDEQGKSYPKLISEGFPGIPSPLDTAFYDRRQKLIYFFKESLVFAFDVNRNRVLNSYPKRITEVFPAVIPQNHPFRNIDSAYYSYAYNSIFFFKGNAYWKVVNDKDKQQNSWLPANGLFPKKFISEKWFDVCDVHISTLNM*
chr10:127257347:G/T:1	chr10	127257347	G|T	1	DOCK1	NM_001290223	1793	coding	3071	2962	988	E>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MTRWVPTKREEKYGVAFYNYDARGADELSLQIGDTVHILETYEGWYRGYTLRKKSKKGIFPASYIHLKEAIVEGKGQHETVIPGDLPLIQEVTTTLREWSTIWRQLYVQDNREMFRSVRHMIYDLIEWRSQILSGTLPQDELKELKKKVTAKIDYGNRILDLDLVVRDEDGNILDPELTSTISLFRAHEIASKQVEERLQEEKSQKQNIDINRQAKFAATPSLALFVNLKNVVCKIGEDAEVLMSLYDPVESKFISENYLVRWSSSGLPKDIDRLHNLRAVFTDLGSKDLKREKISFVCQIVRVGRMELRDNNTRKLTSGLRRPFGVAVMDVTDIINGKVDDEDKQHFIPFQPLALDDAIRHKPLNMSSRFSPRVAGENDFLQTVINKVIAAKEVNHKGQGLWVTLKLLPGDIHQIRKEFPHLVDRTTAVARKTGFPEIIMPGDVRNDIYVTLVQGDFDKGSKTTAKNVEVTVSVYDEDGKRLEHVIFPGAGDEAISEYKSVIYYQVKQPRWFETVKVAIPIEDVNRSHLRFTFRHRSSQDSKDKSEKIFALAFVKLMRYDGTTLRDGEHDLIVYKAEAKKLEDAATYLSLPSTKAELEEKGHSATGKSMQSLGSCTISKDSFQISTLVCSTKLTQNVDLLGLLKWRSNTSLLQQNLRQLMKVDGGEVVKFLQDTLDALFNIMMENSESETFDTLVFDALVFIIGLIADRKFQHFNPVLETYIKKHFSATLAYTKLTKVLKNYVDGAEKPGVNEQLYKAMKALESIFKFIVRSRILFNQLYENKGEADFVESLLQLFRSINDMMSSMSDQTVRVKGAALKYLPTIVNDVKLVFDPKELSKMFTEFILNVPMGLLTIQKLYCLIEIVHSDLFTQHDCREILLPMMTDQLKYHLERQEDLEACCQLLSHILEVLYRKDVGPTQRHVQIIMEKLLRTVNRTVISMGRDSELIGNFVACMTAILRQMEDYHYAHLIKTFGKMRTDVVDFLMETFIMFKNLIGKNVYPFDWVIMNMVQNKVFLRAINQYADMLNKKFLDQANFELQLWNNYFHLAVAFLTQESLQLENFSSAKRAKILNKYGDMRRQIGFEIRDMWYNLGQHKIKFIPEMVGPILEMTLIPETELRKATIPIFFDMMQCEFHSTRSFQMFENEIITKLDHEVEGGRGDEQYKVLFDKILLEHCRKHKYLAKTGETFVKLVVRLMERLLDYRTIMHDENKENRMSCTVNVLNFYKEIEREEMYIRYLYKLCDLHKECDNYTEAAYTLLLHAKLLKWSEDVCVAHLTQRDGYQATTQGQLKEQLYQEIIHYFDKGKMWEEAIALGKELAEQYENEMFDYEQLSELLKKQAQFYENIVKVIRPKPDYFAVGYYGQGFPTFLRGKVFIYRGKEYERREDFEARLLTQFPNAEKMKTTSPPGDDIKNSPGQYIQCFTVKPKLDLPPKFHRPVSEQIVSFYRVNEVQRFEYSRPIRKGEKNPDNEFANMWIERTIYTTAYKLPGILRWFEVKSVFMVEISPLENAIETMQLTNDKINSMVQQHLDDPSLPINPLSMLLNGIVDPAVMGGFANYEKAFFTDRYLQEHPEAHEKIEKLKDLIAWQIPFLAEGIRIHGDKVTEALRPFHERMEACFKQLKEKVEKEYGVRIMPSSLDDRRGSRPRSMVRSFTMPSSSRPLSVASVSSLSSDSTPSRPGSDGFALEPLLPKKMHSRSQDKLDKDDLEKEKKDKKKEKRNSKHQEIFEKEFKPTDISLQQSEAVILSETISPLRPQRPKSQVMNVIGSERRFSVSPSSPSSQQTPPPVTPRAKLSFSMQSSLELNGMTGADVADVPPPLPLKGSVADYGNLMENQDLLGSPTPPPPPPHQRHLPPPLPSKTPPPPPPKTTRKQASVDSGIVQ*|MTRWVPTKREEKYGVAFYNYDARGADELSLQIGDTVHILETYEGWYRGYTLRKKSKKGIFPASYIHLKEAIVEGKGQHETVIPGDLPLIQEVTTTLREWSTIWRQLYVQDNREMFRSVRHMIYDLIEWRSQILSGTLPQDELKELKKKVTAKIDYGNRILDLDLVVRDEDGNILDPELTSTISLFRAHEIASKQVEERLQEEKSQKQNIDINRQAKFAATPSLALFVNLKNVVCKIGEDAEVLMSLYDPVESKFISENYLVRWSSSGLPKDIDRLHNLRAVFTDLGSKDLKREKISFVCQIVRVGRMELRDNNTRKLTSGLRRPFGVAVMDVTDIINGKVDDEDKQHFIPFQPLALDDAIRHKPLNMSSRFSPRVAGENDFLQTVINKVIAAKEVNHKGQGLWVTLKLLPGDIHQIRKEFPHLVDRTTAVARKTGFPEIIMPGDVRNDIYVTLVQGDFDKGSKTTAKNVEVTVSVYDEDGKRLEHVIFPGAGDEAISEYKSVIYYQVKQPRWFETVKVAIPIEDVNRSHLRFTFRHRSSQDSKDKSEKIFALAFVKLMRYDGTTLRDGEHDLIVYKAEAKKLEDAATYLSLPSTKAELEEKGHSATGKSMQSLGSCTISKDSFQISTLVCSTKLTQNVDLLGLLKWRSNTSLLQQNLRQLMKVDGGEVVKFLQDTLDALFNIMMENSESETFDTLVFDALVFIIGLIADRKFQHFNPVLETYIKKHFSATLAYTKLTKVLKNYVDGAEKPGVNEQLYKAMKALESIFKFIVRSRILFNQLYENKGEADFVESLLQLFRSINDMMSSMSDQTVRVKGAALKYLPTIVNDVKLVFDPKELSKMFTEFILNVPMGLLTIQKLYCLIEIVHSDLFTQHDCREILLPMMTDQLKYHLERQEDLEACCQLLSHILEVLYRKDVGPTQRHVQIIMEKLLRTVNRTVISMGRDSELIGNFVACMTAILRQMEDYHYAHLIKTFGKMRTDVVDFLM*
chr10:127257347:G/T:1	chr10	127257347	G|T	1	DOCK1	NM_001380	1793	coding	3008	2899	967	E>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MTRWVPTKREEKYGVAFYNYDARGADELSLQIGDTVHILETYEGWYRGYTLRKKSKKGIFPASYIHLKEAIVEGKGQHETVIPGDLPLIQEVTTTLREWSTIWRQLYVQDNREMFRSVRHMIYDLIEWRSQILSGTLPQDELKELKKKVTAKIDYGNRILDLDLVVRDEDGNILDPELTSTISLFRAHEIASKQVEERLQEEKSQKQNIDINRQAKFAATPSLALFVNLKNVVCKIGEDAEVLMSLYDPVESKFISENYLVRWSSSGLPKDIDRLHNLRAVFTDLGSKDLKREKISFVCQIVRVGRMELRDNNTRKLTSGLRRPFGVAVMDVTDIINGKVDDEDKQHFIPFQPVAGENDFLQTVINKVIAAKEVNHKGQGLWVTLKLLPGDIHQIRKEFPHLVDRTTAVARKTGFPEIIMPGDVRNDIYVTLVQGDFDKGSKTTAKNVEVTVSVYDEDGKRLEHVIFPGAGDEAISEYKSVIYYQVKQPRWFETVKVAIPIEDVNRSHLRFTFRHRSSQDSKDKSEKIFALAFVKLMRYDGTTLRDGEHDLIVYKAEAKKLEDAATYLSLPSTKAELEEKGHSATGKSMQSLGSCTISKDSFQISTLVCSTKLTQNVDLLGLLKWRSNTSLLQQNLRQLMKVDGGEVVKFLQDTLDALFNIMMENSESETFDTLVFDALVFIIGLIADRKFQHFNPVLETYIKKHFSATLAYTKLTKVLKNYVDGAEKPGVNEQLYKAMKALESIFKFIVRSRILFNQLYENKGEADFVESLLQLFRSINDMMSSMSDQTVRVKGAALKYLPTIVNDVKLVFDPKELSKMFTEFILNVPMGLLTIQKLYCLIEIVHSDLFTQHDCREILLPMMTDQLKYHLERQEDLEACCQLLSHILEVLYRKDVGPTQRHVQIIMEKLLRTVNRTVISMGRDSELIGNFVACMTAILRQMEDYHYAHLIKTFGKMRTDVVDFLMETFIMFKNLIGKNVYPFDWVIMNMVQNKVFLRAINQYADMLNKKFLDQANFELQLWNNYFHLAVAFLTQESLQLENFSSAKRAKILNKYGDMRRQIGFEIRDMWYNLGQHKIKFIPEMVGPILEMTLIPETELRKATIPIFFDMMQCEFHSTRSFQMFENEIITKLDHEVEGGRGDEQYKVLFDKILLEHCRKHKYLAKTGETFVKLVVRLMERLLDYRTIMHDENKENRMSCTVNVLNFYKEIEREEMYIRYLYKLCDLHKECDNYTEAAYTLLLHAKLLKWSEDVCVAHLTQRDGYQATTQGQLKEQLYQEIIHYFDKGKMWEEAIALGKELAEQYENEMFDYEQLSELLKKQAQFYENIVKVIRPKPDYFAVGYYGQGFPTFLRGKVFIYRGKEYERREDFEARLLTQFPNAEKMKTTSPPGDDIKNSPGQYIQCFTVKPKLDLPPKFHRPVSEQIVSFYRVNEVQRFEYSRPIRKGEKNPDNEFANMWIERTIYTTAYKLPGILRWFEVKSVFMVEISPLENAIETMQLTNDKINSMVQQHLDDPSLPINPLSMLLNGIVDPAVMGGFANYEKAFFTDRYLQEHPEAHEKIEKLKDLIAWQIPFLAEGIRIHGDKVTEALRPFHERMEACFKQLKEKVEKEYGVRIMPSSLDDRRGSRPRSMVRSFTMPSSSRPLSVASVSSLSSDSTPSRPGSDGFALEPLLPKKMHSRSQDKLDKDDLEKEKKDKKKEKRNSKHQEIFEKEFKPTDISLQQSEAVILSETISPLRPQRPKSQVMNVIGSERRFSVSPSSPSSQQTPPPVTPRAKLSFSMQSSLELNGMTGADVADVPPPLPLKGSVADYGNLMENQDLLGSPTPPPPPPHQRHLPPPLPSKTPPPPPPKTTRKQASVDSGIVQ*|MTRWVPTKREEKYGVAFYNYDARGADELSLQIGDTVHILETYEGWYRGYTLRKKSKKGIFPASYIHLKEAIVEGKGQHETVIPGDLPLIQEVTTTLREWSTIWRQLYVQDNREMFRSVRHMIYDLIEWRSQILSGTLPQDELKELKKKVTAKIDYGNRILDLDLVVRDEDGNILDPELTSTISLFRAHEIASKQVEERLQEEKSQKQNIDINRQAKFAATPSLALFVNLKNVVCKIGEDAEVLMSLYDPVESKFISENYLVRWSSSGLPKDIDRLHNLRAVFTDLGSKDLKREKISFVCQIVRVGRMELRDNNTRKLTSGLRRPFGVAVMDVTDIINGKVDDEDKQHFIPFQPVAGENDFLQTVINKVIAAKEVNHKGQGLWVTLKLLPGDIHQIRKEFPHLVDRTTAVARKTGFPEIIMPGDVRNDIYVTLVQGDFDKGSKTTAKNVEVTVSVYDEDGKRLEHVIFPGAGDEAISEYKSVIYYQVKQPRWFETVKVAIPIEDVNRSHLRFTFRHRSSQDSKDKSEKIFALAFVKLMRYDGTTLRDGEHDLIVYKAEAKKLEDAATYLSLPSTKAELEEKGHSATGKSMQSLGSCTISKDSFQISTLVCSTKLTQNVDLLGLLKWRSNTSLLQQNLRQLMKVDGGEVVKFLQDTLDALFNIMMENSESETFDTLVFDALVFIIGLIADRKFQHFNPVLETYIKKHFSATLAYTKLTKVLKNYVDGAEKPGVNEQLYKAMKALESIFKFIVRSRILFNQLYENKGEADFVESLLQLFRSINDMMSSMSDQTVRVKGAALKYLPTIVNDVKLVFDPKELSKMFTEFILNVPMGLLTIQKLYCLIEIVHSDLFTQHDCREILLPMMTDQLKYHLERQEDLEACCQLLSHILEVLYRKDVGPTQRHVQIIMEKLLRTVNRTVISMGRDSELIGNFVACMTAILRQMEDYHYAHLIKTFGKMRTDVVDFLM*
chr11:822271:G/T:1	chr11	822271	G|T	1	PNPLA2	NM_020376	57104	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr11:1744676:C/A:1	chr11	1744676	C|A	1	IFITM10	NM_001170820	402778	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2991	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NM_001282665	9645	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1677	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NM_001282666	9645	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1677	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NM_001282667	9645	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1677	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NM_001282663	9645	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NM_001282664	9645	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NM_001346292	9645	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NM_001346293	9645	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NM_001346294	9645	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NM_001346295	9645	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NM_001346296	9645	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NM_001346297	9645	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NM_001346298	9645	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NM_001346299	9645	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NM_014632	9645	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NR_144415	9645	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NR_144416	9645	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NR_144417	9645	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NR_144418	9645	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NR_144419	9645	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr11:12241262:G/T:1	chr11	12241262	G|T	1	MICAL2	NR_144420	9645	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr11:17721453:C/G:1	chr11	17721453	C|G	1	MYOD1	NM_002478	4654	coding	1120	908	303	A>G	nonsyn	None	MELLSPPLRDVDLTAPDGSLCSFATTDDFYDDPCFDSPDLRFFEDLDPRLMHVGALLKPEEHSHFPAAVHPAPGAREDEHVRAPSGHHQAGRCLLWACKACKRKTTNADRRKAATMRERRRLSKVNEAFETLKRCTSSNPNQRLPKVEILRNAIRYIEGLQALLRDQDAAPPGAAAAFYAPGPLPPGRGGEHYSGDSDASSPRSNCSDGMMDYSGPPSGARRRNCYEGAYYNEAPSEPRPGKSAAVSSLDCLSSIVERISTESPAAPALLLADVPSESPPRRQEAAAPSEGESSGDPTQSPDAAPQCPAGANPNPIYQVL*|MELLSPPLRDVDLTAPDGSLCSFATTDDFYDDPCFDSPDLRFFEDLDPRLMHVGALLKPEEHSHFPAAVHPAPGAREDEHVRAPSGHHQAGRCLLWACKACKRKTTNADRRKAATMRERRRLSKVNEAFETLKRCTSSNPNQRLPKVEILRNAIRYIEGLQALLRDQDAAPPGAAAAFYAPGPLPPGRGGEHYSGDSDASSPRSNCSDGMMDYSGPPSGARRRNCYEGAYYNEAPSEPRPGKSAAVSSLDCLSSIVERISTESPAAPALLLADVPSESPPRRQEAAAPSEGESSGDPTQSPDGAPQCPAGANPNPIYQVL*
chr11:18113215:G/T:1	chr11	18113215	G|T	1	SAA3P	NR_026576	6290	non-coding	220	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr11:22341861:T/C:1	chr11	22341861	T|C	1	SLC17A6	NM_020346	57084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr11:26561226:C/A:1	chr11	26561226	C|A	1	ANO3	NM_001313726	63982	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1447	None
chr11:26561226:C/A:1	chr11	26561226	C|A	1	ANO3	NM_001313727	63982	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1447	None
chr11:26561226:C/A:1	chr11	26561226	C|A	1	ANO3	NM_031418	63982	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1447	None
chr11:26561226:C/A:1	chr11	26561226	C|A	1	MUC15	NM_001135091	143662	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	1	None
chr11:26561226:C/A:1	chr11	26561226	C|A	1	MUC15	NM_145650	143662	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	1	None
chr11:26561226:C/A:1	chr11	26561226	C|A	1	MUC15	NM_001135092	143662	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	1	None
chr11:32428425:A/G:1	chr11	32428425	A|G	1	WT1	NM_000378	7490	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	72	None
chr11:32428425:A/G:1	chr11	32428425	A|G	1	WT1	NM_001198551	7490	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	72	None
chr11:32428425:A/G:1	chr11	32428425	A|G	1	WT1	NM_001198552	7490	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	72	None
chr11:32428425:A/G:1	chr11	32428425	A|G	1	WT1	NM_024424	7490	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	72	None
chr11:32428425:A/G:1	chr11	32428425	A|G	1	WT1	NM_024426	7490	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	72	None
chr11:32428425:A/G:1	chr11	32428425	A|G	1	WT1	NR_160306	7490	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	72	None
chr11:34132001:A/T:1	chr11	34132001	A|T	1	NAT10	NM_001144030	55226	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	124	None
chr11:34132001:A/T:1	chr11	34132001	A|T	1	NAT10	NM_024662	55226	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	124	None
chr11:34471141:A/C:1	chr11	34471141	A|C	1	CAT	NM_001752	847	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr11:44236478:G/T:1	chr11	44236478	G|T	1	EXT2	NM_000401	2132	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	103	None
chr11:44236478:G/T:1	chr11	44236478	G|T	1	EXT2	NM_001178083	2132	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	103	None
chr11:44236478:G/T:1	chr11	44236478	G|T	1	EXT2	NM_207122	2132	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	103	None
chr11:47259936:C/A:1	chr11	47259936	C|A	1	NR1H3	NM_001130101	10062	coding	439	189	63	P>P	syn	None	MSLWLGAPVPDIPPDSAVELWKPGAQDASSQAQGGSSCILREEARMPHSAGGTAGVGLEAAEPTALLTRAEPPSEPTEIRPQKRKKGPAPKMLGNELCSVCGDKASGFHYNVLSCEGCKGFFRRSVIKGAHYICHSGGHCPMDTYMRRKCQECRLRKCRQAGMREECVLSEEQIRLKKLKRQEEEQAHATSLPPRASSPPQILPQLSPEQLGMIEKLVAAQQQCNRRSFSDRLRVTVMLLETSRRYNPGSESITFLKDFSYNREDFAKAGLQVEFINPIFEFSRAMNELQLNDAEFALLIAISIFSADRPNVQDQLQVERLQHTYVEALHAYVSIHHPHDRLMFPRMLMKLVSLRTLSSVHSEQVFALRLQDKKLPPLLSEIWDVHE*
chr11:47259936:C/A:1	chr11	47259936	C|A	1	NR1H3	NM_001251934	10062	coding	387	207	69	P>P	syn	None	MQQTSWNPLGGTCKQPPGRTHSAVELWKPGAQDASSQAQGGSSCILREEARMPHSAGGTAGVGLEAAEPTALLTRAEPPSEPTEIRPQKRKKGPAPKMLGNELCSVCGDKASGFHYNVLSCEGCKGFFRRSVIKGAHYICHSGGHCPMDTYMRRKCQECRLRKCRQAGMREECVLSEEQIRLKKLKRQEEEQAHATSLPPRASSPPQILPQLSPEQLGMIEKLVAAQQQCNRRSFSDRLRVTPWPMAPDPHSREARQQRFAHFTELAIVSVQEIVDFAKQLPGFLQLSREDQIALLKTSAIEVMLLETSRRYNPGSESITFLKDFSYNREDFAKAGLQVEFINPIFEFSRAMNELQLNDAEFALLIAISIFSADRPNVQDQLQVERLQHTYVEALHAYVSIHHPHDRLMFPRMLMKLVSLRTLSSVHSEQVFALRLQDKKLPPLLSEIWDVHE*
chr11:47259936:C/A:1	chr11	47259936	C|A	1	NR1H3	NM_001251935	10062	coding	428	207	69	P>P	syn	None	MQQTSWNPLGGTCKQPPGRTHSAVELWKPGAQDASSQAQGGSSCILREEARMPHSAGGTAGVGLEAAEPTALLTRAEPPSEPTEIRPQKRKKGPAPKMLGNELCSVCGDKASGFHYNVLSCEGCKGFFRRSVIKGAHYICHSGGHCPMDTYMRRKCQECRLRKCRQAGMREECVLSEEQIRLKKLKRQEEEQAHATSLPPRASSPPQILPQLSPEQLGMIEKLVAAQQQCNRRSFSDRLRVTPWPMAPDPHSREARQQRFAHFTELAIVSVQEIVDFAKQLPGFLQLSREDQIALLKTSAIEVMLLETSRRYNPGSESITFLKDFSYNREDFAKAGLQVEFINPIFEFSRAMNELQLNDAEFALLIAISIFSADRPNVQDQLQVERLQHTYVEALHAYVSIHHPHDRLMFPRMLMKLVSLRTLSSVHSEQVFALRLQDKKLPPLLSEIWDVHE*
chr11:47259936:C/A:1	chr11	47259936	C|A	1	NR1H3	NM_005693	10062	coding	360	189	63	P>P	syn	None	MSLWLGAPVPDIPPDSAVELWKPGAQDASSQAQGGSSCILREEARMPHSAGGTAGVGLEAAEPTALLTRAEPPSEPTEIRPQKRKKGPAPKMLGNELCSVCGDKASGFHYNVLSCEGCKGFFRRSVIKGAHYICHSGGHCPMDTYMRRKCQECRLRKCRQAGMREECVLSEEQIRLKKLKRQEEEQAHATSLPPRASSPPQILPQLSPEQLGMIEKLVAAQQQCNRRSFSDRLRVTPWPMAPDPHSREARQQRFAHFTELAIVSVQEIVDFAKQLPGFLQLSREDQIALLKTSAIEVMLLETSRRYNPGSESITFLKDFSYNREDFAKAGLQVEFINPIFEFSRAMNELQLNDAEFALLIAISIFSADRPNVQDQLQVERLQHTYVEALHAYVSIHHPHDRLMFPRMLMKLVSLRTLSSVHSEQVFALRLQDKKLPPLLSEIWDVHE*
chr11:47259936:C/A:1	chr11	47259936	C|A	1	NR1H3	NM_001130102	10062	coding	248	54	18	P>P	syn	None	MPHSAGGTAGVGLEAAEPTALLTRAEPPSEPTEIRPQKRKKGPAPKMLGNELCSVCGDKASGFHYNVLSCEGCKGFFRRSVIKGAHYICHSGGHCPMDTYMRRKCQECRLRKCRQAGMREECVLSEEQIRLKKLKRQEEEQAHATSLPPRASSPPQILPQLSPEQLGMIEKLVAAQQQCNRRSFSDRLRVTPWPMAPDPHSREARQQRFAHFTELAIVSVQEIVDFAKQLPGFLQLSREDQIALLKTSAIEVMLLETSRRYNPGSESITFLKDFSYNREDFAKAGLQVEFINPIFEFSRAMNELQLNDAEFALLIAISIFSADRPNVQDQLQVERLQHTYVEALHAYVSIHHPHDRLMFPRMLMKLVSLRTLSSVHSEQVFALRLQDKKLPPLLSEIWDVHE*
chr11:47259936:C/A:1	chr11	47259936	C|A	1	NR1H3	NM_001363595	10062	coding	224	54	18	P>P	syn	None	MPHSAGGTAGVGLEAAEPTALLTRAEPPSEPTEIRPQKRKKGPAPKMLGNELCSVCGDKASGFHYNVLSCEGCKGFFRRSVIKGAHYICHSGGHCPMDTYMRRKCQECRLRKCRQAGMREECVLSEEQIRLKKLKRQEEEQAHATSLPPRASSPPQILPQLSPEQLGMIEKLVAAQQQCNRRSFSDRLRVTVMLLETSRRYNPGSESITFLKDFSYNREDFAKAGLQVEFINPIFEFSRAMNELQLNDAEFALLIAISIFSADRPNVQDQLQVERLQHTYVEALHAYVSIHHPHDRLMFPRMLMKLVSLRTLSSVHSEQVFALRLQDKKLPPLLSEIWDVHE*
chr11:55603498:C/A:1	chr11	55603498	C|A	1	OR4C11	NM_001004700	219429	coding	901	876	292	V>V	syn	None	MQQNNSVPEFILLGLTQDPLRQKIVFVIFLIFYMGTVVGNMLIIVTIKSSRTLGSPMYFFLFYLSFADSCFSTSTAPRLIVDALSEKKIITYNECMTQVFALHLFGCMEIFVLILMAVDRYVAICKPLRYPTIMSQQVCIILIVLAWIGSLIHSTAQIILALRLPFCGPYLIDHYCCDLQPLLKLACMDTYMINLLLVSNSGAICSSSFMILIISYIVILHSLRNHSAKGKKKALSACTSHIIVVILFFGPCIFIYTRPPTTFPMDKMVAVFYTIGTPFLNPLIYTLRNAEVKNAMRKLWHGKIISENKG*
chr11:60302473:G/T:1	chr11	60302473	G|T	1	MS4A4A	NM_024021	51338	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	86	None
chr11:60302473:G/T:1	chr11	60302473	G|T	1	MS4A4A	NM_148975	51338	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	86	None
chr11:60302473:G/T:1	chr11	60302473	G|T	1	MS4A4A	NM_001243266	51338	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1416	None
chr11:61743387:T/A:1	chr11	61743387	T|A	1	DAGLA	NM_006133	747	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	145	None
chr11:61783340:A/G:1	chr11	61783340	A|G	1	MYRF	NM_001127392	745	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	158	None
chr11:61783340:A/G:1	chr11	61783340	A|G	1	MYRF	NM_013279	745	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	173	None
chr11:62795754:C/G:1	chr11	62795754	C|G	1	NXF1	NM_001081491	10482	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	147	None
chr11:62795754:C/G:1	chr11	62795754	C|G	1	NXF1	NM_006362	10482	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	147	None
chr11:64807481:C/T:1	chr11	64807481	C|T	1	MEN1	NM_000244	4221	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr11:64807481:C/T:1	chr11	64807481	C|T	1	MEN1	NM_130799	4221	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr11:64807481:C/T:1	chr11	64807481	C|T	1	MEN1	NM_130800	4221	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr11:64807481:C/T:1	chr11	64807481	C|T	1	MEN1	NM_130801	4221	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr11:64807481:C/T:1	chr11	64807481	C|T	1	MEN1	NM_130802	4221	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr11:64807481:C/T:1	chr11	64807481	C|T	1	MEN1	NM_130803	4221	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr11:64807481:C/T:1	chr11	64807481	C|T	1	MEN1	NM_130804	4221	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr11:65083833:C/T:1	chr11	65083833	C|T	1	ZFPL1	NM_006782	7542	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr11:65083833:C/T:1	chr11	65083833	C|T	1	CDCA5	NM_080668	113130	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr11:65343582:G/T:1	chr11	65343582	G|T	1	DPF2	NM_001330308	5977	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	163	None
chr11:65343582:G/T:1	chr11	65343582	G|T	1	DPF2	NM_006268	5977	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	163	None
chr11:65625709:G/T:1	chr11	65625709	G|T	1	PCNX3	NM_032223	399909	coding	3193	3193	1065	A>S	nonsyn	None	MGSQVLQILRQGVWASLTGGWFFDPHQSTFSNCFHLYVWIFLLIFPFLLYMVLPPSLMVAGVYCLVVAVIFATIKTVNYRLHAMFDQGEIVEKRSSTMGELEEEPAQGDSNPPRDPGVEMTVFRKVSSTPPVRCSSQHSVFGFNQVSELLPRMEDSGPLRDIKELVREQGSNNVIVTSADREMLKLSSQEKLIGDLPQTPPGAVPDPSLASTDSSEPSPLAGDGAPWSGSSMADTPMSPLLKGSLSQELSKSFLTLTQPDRALVRTSSRREQRRGAGGYQPLDRRGSGEPTPQKAGSSDSCFSGTDRETLSSFKSEKTNSTHLDSPPGGPAPEGSDTDPPSEAELPASPDAGVPSDDTLRSFDTVIGAGTPPGLAEPLLVVRPKDLALLRPSKRQPPLRRHSPPGRAPRRPLLEGGGFFEDEDTSEGSELSPASSLRSQRRYSTDSSSSTSCYSPESSRGAAGGPRKRRAPHGAEEGTAVPPKRPYGTQRTPSTASAKTHARVLSMDGAGGDVLRPPLAGCKAELEAQVGVEQAASEPVVLPAEARRGPAANQPGWRGELQEEGAVGGAAEETGRRDRSSSVRRTQAIRRRHNAGSNPTPPASVMGSPPSSLQEAQRGRAASHSRALTLPSALHFASSLLLTRAGANVHEACTFDDTSEGAVHYFYDESGVRRSYTFGLAGGGYENPVGQQGEQTANGAWDRHSHSSSFHSADVPEATGGLNLLQPRPVVLQGMQVRRVPLEIPEEQTLMEEAPPRAQHSYKYWLLPGRWTSVRYERLALLALLDRTRGVLENIFGVGLSSLVAFLGYLLLLKGFFTDIWVFQFCLVIASCQYSLLKSVQPDAASPMHGHNWVIAYSRPVYFCICCLLIWLLDALGSAQPFPPVSLYGLTLFSASFFFCARDVATVFTLCFPFVFLLGLLPQVNTCLMYLLEQIDMHGFGGTAATSPLTAVFSLSRSLLAAALLYGFCLGAIKTPWPEQHVPVLFSVFCGLLVALSYHLSRQSSDPTVLWSLIRSKLFPELEERSLETARAEPPDPLPDKMRQSVREVLHSDLVMCVVIAVLTFAISASTVFIALKSVLGFVLYALAGAVGFFTHYLLPQLRKQLPWFCLSQPVLKPLEYSQYEVRGAAQVMWFEKLYAGLQCVEKYLIYPAVVLNALTVDAHTVVSHPDKYCFYCRALLMTVAGLKLLRSAFCCPPQQYLTLAFTVLLFHFDYPRLSQGFLLDYFLMSLLCSKLWDLLYKLRFVLTYIAPWQITWGSAFHAFAQPFAVPHSAMLFVQALLSGLFSTPLNPLLGSAVFIMSYARPLKFWERDYNTKRVDHSNTRLVTQLDRNPGADDNNLNSIFYEHLTRSLQHTLCGDLVLGRWGNYGPGDCFVLASDYLNALVHLIEVGNGLVTFQLRGLEFRGTYCQQREVEAITEGVEEDEGCCCCEPGHLPRVLSFNAAFGQRWLAWEVTASKYVLEGYSISDNNAASMLQVFDLRKILITYYVKSIIYYVSRSPKLEVWLSHEGITAALRPVRVPGYADSDPTFSLSVDEDYDLRLSGLSLPSFCAVHLEWIQYCASRRSQPVDQDWNSPLVTLCFGLCVLGRRALGTASHSMSASLEPFLYGLHALFKGDFRITSPRDEWVFADMDLLHRVVAPGVRMALKLHQDHFTSPDEYEEPAALYDAIAANEERLVISHEGDPAWRSAILSNTPSLLALRHVLDDASDEYKIIMLNRRHLSFRVIKVNRECVRGLWAGQQQELVFLRNRNPERGSIQNAKQALRNMINSSCDQPLGYPIYVSPLTTSLAGSHPQLRALWGGPISLGAIAHWLLRTWERLHKGCGAGCNSGGNVDDSDCSGGGGLTSLSNNPPVAHPTPENTAGNGDQPLPPGPGWGPRSSLSGSGDGRPPPLLQWPPPRLPGPPPASPIPTEGPRTSRPPGPGLLSSEGPSGKWSLGGRKGLGGSDGEPASGSPKGGTPKSQAPLDLSLSLSLSLSPDVSTEASPPRASQDIPCLDSSAPESGTPMGALGDWPAPIEERESPAAQPLLEHQY*|MGSQVLQILRQGVWASLTGGWFFDPHQSTFSNCFHLYVWIFLLIFPFLLYMVLPPSLMVAGVYCLVVAVIFATIKTVNYRLHAMFDQGEIVEKRSSTMGELEEEPAQGDSNPPRDPGVEMTVFRKVSSTPPVRCSSQHSVFGFNQVSELLPRMEDSGPLRDIKELVREQGSNNVIVTSADREMLKLSSQEKLIGDLPQTPPGAVPDPSLASTDSSEPSPLAGDGAPWSGSSMADTPMSPLLKGSLSQELSKSFLTLTQPDRALVRTSSRREQRRGAGGYQPLDRRGSGEPTPQKAGSSDSCFSGTDRETLSSFKSEKTNSTHLDSPPGGPAPEGSDTDPPSEAELPASPDAGVPSDDTLRSFDTVIGAGTPPGLAEPLLVVRPKDLALLRPSKRQPPLRRHSPPGRAPRRPLLEGGGFFEDEDTSEGSELSPASSLRSQRRYSTDSSSSTSCYSPESSRGAAGGPRKRRAPHGAEEGTAVPPKRPYGTQRTPSTASAKTHARVLSMDGAGGDVLRPPLAGCKAELEAQVGVEQAASEPVVLPAEARRGPAANQPGWRGELQEEGAVGGAAEETGRRDRSSSVRRTQAIRRRHNAGSNPTPPASVMGSPPSSLQEAQRGRAASHSRALTLPSALHFASSLLLTRAGANVHEACTFDDTSEGAVHYFYDESGVRRSYTFGLAGGGYENPVGQQGEQTANGAWDRHSHSSSFHSADVPEATGGLNLLQPRPVVLQGMQVRRVPLEIPEEQTLMEEAPPRAQHSYKYWLLPGRWTSVRYERLALLALLDRTRGVLENIFGVGLSSLVAFLGYLLLLKGFFTDIWVFQFCLVIASCQYSLLKSVQPDAASPMHGHNWVIAYSRPVYFCICCLLIWLLDALGSAQPFPPVSLYGLTLFSASFFFCARDVATVFTLCFPFVFLLGLLPQVNTCLMYLLEQIDMHGFGGTAATSPLTAVFSLSRSLLAAALLYGFCLGAIKTPWPEQHVPVLFSVFCGLLVALSYHLSRQSSDPTVLWSLIRSKLFPELEERSLETARAEPPDPLPDKMRQSVREVLHSDLVMCVVIAVLTFSISASTVFIALKSVLGFVLYALAGAVGFFTHYLLPQLRKQLPWFCLSQPVLKPLEYSQYEVRGAAQVMWFEKLYAGLQCVEKYLIYPAVVLNALTVDAHTVVSHPDKYCFYCRALLMTVAGLKLLRSAFCCPPQQYLTLAFTVLLFHFDYPRLSQGFLLDYFLMSLLCSKLWDLLYKLRFVLTYIAPWQITWGSAFHAFAQPFAVPHSAMLFVQALLSGLFSTPLNPLLGSAVFIMSYARPLKFWERDYNTKRVDHSNTRLVTQLDRNPGADDNNLNSIFYEHLTRSLQHTLCGDLVLGRWGNYGPGDCFVLASDYLNALVHLIEVGNGLVTFQLRGLEFRGTYCQQREVEAITEGVEEDEGCCCCEPGHLPRVLSFNAAFGQRWLAWEVTASKYVLEGYSISDNNAASMLQVFDLRKILITYYVKSIIYYVSRSPKLEVWLSHEGITAALRPVRVPGYADSDPTFSLSVDEDYDLRLSGLSLPSFCAVHLEWIQYCASRRSQPVDQDWNSPLVTLCFGLCVLGRRALGTASHSMSASLEPFLYGLHALFKGDFRITSPRDEWVFADMDLLHRVVAPGVRMALKLHQDHFTSPDEYEEPAALYDAIAANEERLVISHEGDPAWRSAILSNTPSLLALRHVLDDASDEYKIIMLNRRHLSFRVIKVNRECVRGLWAGQQQELVFLRNRNPERGSIQNAKQALRNMINSSCDQPLGYPIYVSPLTTSLAGSHPQLRALWGGPISLGAIAHWLLRTWERLHKGCGAGCNSGGNVDDSDCSGGGGLTSLSNNPPVAHPTPENTAGNGDQPLPPGPGWGPRSSLSGSGDGRPPPLLQWPPPRLPGPPPASPIPTEGPRTSRPPGPGLLSSEGPSGKWSLGGRKGLGGSDGEPASGSPKGGTPKSQAPLDLSLSLSLSLSPDVSTEASPPRASQDIPCLDSSAPESGTPMGALGDWPAPIEERESPAAQPLLEHQY*
chr11:66264919:G/A:1	chr11	66264919	G|A	1	KLC2	NM_001134774	64837	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104	None
chr11:66264919:G/A:1	chr11	66264919	G|A	1	KLC2	NM_001134775	64837	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104	None
chr11:66264919:G/A:1	chr11	66264919	G|A	1	KLC2	NM_001134776	64837	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104	None
chr11:66264919:G/A:1	chr11	66264919	G|A	1	KLC2	NM_001318734	64837	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104	None
chr11:66264919:G/A:1	chr11	66264919	G|A	1	KLC2	NM_022822	64837	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104	None
chr11:70431006:C/A:1	chr11	70431006	C|A	1	CTTN	NM_001184740	2017	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	185	None
chr11:70431006:C/A:1	chr11	70431006	C|A	1	CTTN	NM_005231	2017	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	185	None
chr11:70431006:C/A:1	chr11	70431006	C|A	1	CTTN	NM_138565	2017	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	185	None
chr11:74710769:C/T:1	chr11	74710769	C|T	1	CHRDL2	NM_001278473	25884	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr11:74710769:C/T:1	chr11	74710769	C|T	1	CHRDL2	NM_001304390	25884	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr11:74710769:C/T:1	chr11	74710769	C|T	1	CHRDL2	NM_001304391	25884	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr11:74710769:C/T:1	chr11	74710769	C|T	1	CHRDL2	NM_001304415	25884	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr11:74710769:C/T:1	chr11	74710769	C|T	1	CHRDL2	NM_001304416	25884	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr11:74710769:C/T:1	chr11	74710769	C|T	1	CHRDL2	NM_001304417	25884	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr11:74710769:C/T:1	chr11	74710769	C|T	1	CHRDL2	NM_015424	25884	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr11:77115237:G/T:1	chr11	77115237	G|T	1	CAPN5	NM_004055	726	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	158	None
chr11:77157326:T/C:1	chr11	77157326	T|C	1	MYO7A	NM_000260	4647	coding	1073	783	261	G>G	syn	None	MVILQQGDHVWMDLRLGQEFDVPIGAVVKLCDSGQVQVVDDEDNEHWISPQNATHIKPMHPTSVHGVEDMIRLGDLNEAGILRNLLIRYRDHLIYTYTGSILVAVNPYQLLSIYSPEHIRQYTNKKIGEMPPHIFAIADNCYFNMKRNSRDQCCIISGESGAGKTESTKLILQFLAAISGQHSWIEQQVLEATPILEAFGNAKTIRNDNSSRFGKYIDIHFNKRGAIEGAKIEQYLLEKSRVCRQALDERNYHVFYCMLEGMSEDQKKKLGLGQASDYNYLAMGNCITCEGRVDSQEYANIRSAMKVLMFTDTENWEISKLLAAILHLGNLQYEARTFENLDACEVLFSPSLATAASLLEVNPPDLMSCLTSRTLITRGETVSTPLSREQALDVRDAFVKGIYGRLFVWIVDKINAAIYKPPSQDVKNSRRSIGLLDIFGFENFAVNSFEQLCINFANEHLQQFFVRHVFKLEQEEYDLESIDWLHIEFTDNQDALDMIANKPMNIISLIDEESKFPKGTDTTMLHKLNSQHKLNANYIPPKNNHETQFGINHFAGIVYYETQGFLEKNRDTLHGDIIQLVHSSRNKFIKQIFQADVAMGAETRKRSPTLSSQFKRSLELLMRTLGACQPFFVRCIKPNEFKKPMLFDRHLCVRQLRYSGMMETIRIRRAGYPIRYSFVEFVERYRVLLPGVKPAYKQGDLRGTCQRMAEAVLGTHDDWQIGKTKIFLKDHHDMLLEVERDKAITDRVILLQKVIRGFKDRSNFLKLKNAATLIQRHWRGHNCRKNYGLMRLGFLRLQALHRSRKLHQQYRLARQRIIQFQARCRAYLVRKAFRHRLWAVLTVQAYARGMIARRLHQRLRAEYLWRLEAEKMRLAEEEKLRKEMSAKKAKEEAERKHQERLAQLAREDAERELKEKEAARRKKELLEQMERARHEPVNHSDMVDKMFGFLGTSGGLPGQEGQAPSGFEDLERGRREMVEEDLDAALPLPDEDEEDLSEYKFAKFAATYFQGTTTHSYTRRPLKQPLLYHDDEGDQLAALAVWITILRFMGDLPEPKYHTAMSDGSEKIPVMTKIYETLGKKTYKRELQALQGEGEAQLPEGQKKSSVRHKLVHLTLKKKSKLTEEVTKRLHDGESTVQGNSMLEDRPTSNLEKLHFIIGNGILRPALRDEIYCQISKQLTHNPSKSSYARGWILVSLCVGCFAPSEKFVKYLRNFIHGGPPGYAPYCEERLRRTFVNGTRTQPPSWLELQATKSKKPIMLPVTFMDGTTKTLLTDSATTAKELCNALADKISLKDRFGFSLYIALFDKVSSLGSGSDHVMDAISQCEQYAKEQGAQERNAPWRLFFRKEVFTPWHSPSEDNVATNLIYQQVVRGVKFGEYRCEKEDDLAELASQQYFVDYGSEMILERLLNLVPTYIPDREITPLKTLEKWAQLAIAAHKKGIYAQRRTDAQKVKEDVVSYARFKWPLLFSRFYEAYKFSGPSLPKNDVIVAVNWTGVYFVDEQEQVLLELSFPEIMAVSSSRECRVWLSLGCSDLGCAAPHSGWAGLTPAGPCSPCWSCRGAKTTAPSFTLATIKGDEYTFTSSNAEDIRDLVVTFLEGLRKRSKYVVALQDNPNPAGEESGFLSFAKGDLIILDHDTGEQVMNSGWANGINERTKQRGDFPTDSVYVMPTVTMPPREIVALVTMTPDQRQDVVRLLQLRTAEPEVRAKPYTLEEFSYDYFRPPPKHTLSRVMVSKARGKDRLWSHTREPLKQALLKKLLGSEELSQEACLAFIAVLKYMGDYPSKRTRSVNELTDQIFEGPLKAEPLKDEAYVQILKQLTDNHIRYSEERGWELLWLCTGLFPPSNILLPHVQRFLQSRKHCPLAIDCLQRLQKALRNGSRKYPPHLVEVEAIQHKTTQIFHKVYFPDDTDEAFEVESSTKAKDFCQNIATRLLLKSSEGFSLFVKIADKVLSVPENDFFFDFVRHLTDWIKKARPIKDGIVPSLTYQVFFMKKLWTTTVPGKDPMADSIFHYYQELPKYLRGYHKCTREEVLQLGALIYRVKFEEDKSYFPSIPKLLRELVPQDLIRQVSPDDWKRSIVAYFNKHAGKSKEEAKLAFLKLIFKWPTFGSAFFEVKQTTEPNFPEILLIAINKYGVSLIDPKTKDILTTHPFTKISNWSSGNTYFHITIGNLVRGSKLLCETSLGYKMDDLLTSYISQMLTAMSKQRGSRSGK*
chr11:77157326:T/C:1	chr11	77157326	T|C	1	MYO7A	NM_001127180	4647	coding	1049	783	261	G>G	syn	None	MVILQQGDHVWMDLRLGQEFDVPIGAVVKLCDSGQVQVVDDEDNEHWISPQNATHIKPMHPTSVHGVEDMIRLGDLNEAGILRNLLIRYRDHLIYTYTGSILVAVNPYQLLSIYSPEHIRQYTNKKIGEMPPHIFAIADNCYFNMKRNSRDQCCIISGESGAGKTESTKLILQFLAAISGQHSWIEQQVLEATPILEAFGNAKTIRNDNSSRFGKYIDIHFNKRGAIEGAKIEQYLLEKSRVCRQALDERNYHVFYCMLEGMSEDQKKKLGLGQASDYNYLAMGNCITCEGRVDSQEYANIRSAMKVLMFTDTENWEISKLLAAILHLGNLQYEARTFENLDACEVLFSPSLATAASLLEVNPPDLMSCLTSRTLITRGETVSTPLSREQALDVRDAFVKGIYGRLFVWIVDKINAAIYKPPSQDVKNSRRSIGLLDIFGFENFAVNSFEQLCINFANEHLQQFFVRHVFKLEQEEYDLESIDWLHIEFTDNQDALDMIANKPMNIISLIDEESKFPKGTDTTMLHKLNSQHKLNANYIPPKNNHETQFGINHFAGIVYYETQGFLEKNRDTLHGDIIQLVHSSRNKFIKQIFQADVAMGAETRKRSPTLSSQFKRSLELLMRTLGACQPFFVRCIKPNEFKKPMLFDRHLCVRQLRYSGMMETIRIRRAGYPIRYSFVEFVERYRVLLPGVKPAYKQGDLRGTCQRMAEAVLGTHDDWQIGKTKIFLKDHHDMLLEVERDKAITDRVILLQKVIRGFKDRSNFLKLKNAATLIQRHWRGHNCRKNYGLMRLGFLRLQALHRSRKLHQQYRLARQRIIQFQARCRAYLVRKAFRHRLWAVLTVQAYARGMIARRLHQRLRAEYLWRLEAEKMRLAEEEKLRKEMSAKKAKEEAERKHQERLAQLAREDAERELKEKEAARRKKELLEQMERARHEPVNHSDMVDKMFGFLGTSGGLPGQEGQAPSGFEDLERGRREMVEEDLDAALPLPDEDEEDLSEYKFAKFAATYFQGTTTHSYTRRPLKQPLLYHDDEGDQLAALAVWITILRFMGDLPEPKYHTAMSDGSEKIPVMTKIYETLGKKTYKRELQALQGEGEAQLPEGQKKSSVRHKLVHLTLKKKSKLTEEVTKRLHDGESTVQGNSMLEDRPTSNLEKLHFIIGNGILRPALRDEIYCQISKQLTHNPSKSSYARGWILVSLCVGCFAPSEKFVKYLRNFIHGGPPGYAPYCEERLRRTFVNGTRTQPPSWLELQATKSKKPIMLPVTFMDGTTKTLLTDSATTAKELCNALADKISLKDRFGFSLYIALFDKVSSLGSGSDHVMDAISQCEQYAKEQGAQERNAPWRLFFRKEVFTPWHSPSEDNVATNLIYQQVVRGVKFGEYRCEKEDDLAELASQQYFVDYGSEMILERLLNLVPTYIPDREITPLKTLEKWAQLAIAAHKKGIYAQRRTDAQKVKEDVVSYARFKWPLLFSRFYEAYKFSGPSLPKNDVIVAVNWTGVYFVDEQEQVLLELSFPEIMAVSSSRGAKTTAPSFTLATIKGDEYTFTSSNAEDIRDLVVTFLEGLRKRSKYVVALQDNPNPAGEESGFLSFAKGDLIILDHDTGEQVMNSGWANGINERTKQRGDFPTDSVYVMPTVTMPPREIVALVTMTPDQRQDVVRLLQLRTAEPEVRAKPYTLEEFSYDYFRPPPKHTLSRVMVSKARGKDRLWSHTREPLKQALLKKLLGSEELSQEACLAFIAVLKYMGDYPSKRTRSVNELTDQIFEGPLKAEPLKDEAYVQILKQLTDNHIRYSEERGWELLWLCTGLFPPSNILLPHVQRFLQSRKHCPLAIDCLQRLQKALRNGSRKYPPHLVEVEAIQHKTTQIFHKVYFPDDTDEAFEVESSTKAKDFCQNIATRLLLKSSEGFSLFVKIADKVLSVPENDFFFDFVRHLTDWIKKARPIKDGIVPSLTYQVFFMKKLWTTTVPGKDPMADSIFHYYQELPKYLRGYHKCTREEVLQLGALIYRVKFEEDKSYFPSIPKLLRELVPQDLIRQVSPDDWKRSIVAYFNKHAGKSKEEAKLAFLKLIFKWPTFGSAFFEQTTEPNFPEILLIAINKYGVSLIDPKTKDILTTHPFTKISNWSSGNTYFHITIGNLVRGSKLLCETSLGYKMDDLLTSYISQMLTAMSKQRGSRSGK*
chr11:77160849:G/T:1	chr11	77160849	G|T	1	MYO7A	NM_000260	4647	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	124	None
chr11:77160849:G/T:1	chr11	77160849	G|T	1	MYO7A	NM_001127180	4647	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	124	None
chr11:77205582:C/A:1	chr11	77205582	C|A	1	MYO7A	NM_000260	4647	coding	5891	5601	1867	A>A	syn	None	MVILQQGDHVWMDLRLGQEFDVPIGAVVKLCDSGQVQVVDDEDNEHWISPQNATHIKPMHPTSVHGVEDMIRLGDLNEAGILRNLLIRYRDHLIYTYTGSILVAVNPYQLLSIYSPEHIRQYTNKKIGEMPPHIFAIADNCYFNMKRNSRDQCCIISGESGAGKTESTKLILQFLAAISGQHSWIEQQVLEATPILEAFGNAKTIRNDNSSRFGKYIDIHFNKRGAIEGAKIEQYLLEKSRVCRQALDERNYHVFYCMLEGMSEDQKKKLGLGQASDYNYLAMGNCITCEGRVDSQEYANIRSAMKVLMFTDTENWEISKLLAAILHLGNLQYEARTFENLDACEVLFSPSLATAASLLEVNPPDLMSCLTSRTLITRGETVSTPLSREQALDVRDAFVKGIYGRLFVWIVDKINAAIYKPPSQDVKNSRRSIGLLDIFGFENFAVNSFEQLCINFANEHLQQFFVRHVFKLEQEEYDLESIDWLHIEFTDNQDALDMIANKPMNIISLIDEESKFPKGTDTTMLHKLNSQHKLNANYIPPKNNHETQFGINHFAGIVYYETQGFLEKNRDTLHGDIIQLVHSSRNKFIKQIFQADVAMGAETRKRSPTLSSQFKRSLELLMRTLGACQPFFVRCIKPNEFKKPMLFDRHLCVRQLRYSGMMETIRIRRAGYPIRYSFVEFVERYRVLLPGVKPAYKQGDLRGTCQRMAEAVLGTHDDWQIGKTKIFLKDHHDMLLEVERDKAITDRVILLQKVIRGFKDRSNFLKLKNAATLIQRHWRGHNCRKNYGLMRLGFLRLQALHRSRKLHQQYRLARQRIIQFQARCRAYLVRKAFRHRLWAVLTVQAYARGMIARRLHQRLRAEYLWRLEAEKMRLAEEEKLRKEMSAKKAKEEAERKHQERLAQLAREDAERELKEKEAARRKKELLEQMERARHEPVNHSDMVDKMFGFLGTSGGLPGQEGQAPSGFEDLERGRREMVEEDLDAALPLPDEDEEDLSEYKFAKFAATYFQGTTTHSYTRRPLKQPLLYHDDEGDQLAALAVWITILRFMGDLPEPKYHTAMSDGSEKIPVMTKIYETLGKKTYKRELQALQGEGEAQLPEGQKKSSVRHKLVHLTLKKKSKLTEEVTKRLHDGESTVQGNSMLEDRPTSNLEKLHFIIGNGILRPALRDEIYCQISKQLTHNPSKSSYARGWILVSLCVGCFAPSEKFVKYLRNFIHGGPPGYAPYCEERLRRTFVNGTRTQPPSWLELQATKSKKPIMLPVTFMDGTTKTLLTDSATTAKELCNALADKISLKDRFGFSLYIALFDKVSSLGSGSDHVMDAISQCEQYAKEQGAQERNAPWRLFFRKEVFTPWHSPSEDNVATNLIYQQVVRGVKFGEYRCEKEDDLAELASQQYFVDYGSEMILERLLNLVPTYIPDREITPLKTLEKWAQLAIAAHKKGIYAQRRTDAQKVKEDVVSYARFKWPLLFSRFYEAYKFSGPSLPKNDVIVAVNWTGVYFVDEQEQVLLELSFPEIMAVSSSRECRVWLSLGCSDLGCAAPHSGWAGLTPAGPCSPCWSCRGAKTTAPSFTLATIKGDEYTFTSSNAEDIRDLVVTFLEGLRKRSKYVVALQDNPNPAGEESGFLSFAKGDLIILDHDTGEQVMNSGWANGINERTKQRGDFPTDSVYVMPTVTMPPREIVALVTMTPDQRQDVVRLLQLRTAEPEVRAKPYTLEEFSYDYFRPPPKHTLSRVMVSKARGKDRLWSHTREPLKQALLKKLLGSEELSQEACLAFIAVLKYMGDYPSKRTRSVNELTDQIFEGPLKAEPLKDEAYVQILKQLTDNHIRYSEERGWELLWLCTGLFPPSNILLPHVQRFLQSRKHCPLAIDCLQRLQKALRNGSRKYPPHLVEVEAIQHKTTQIFHKVYFPDDTDEAFEVESSTKAKDFCQNIATRLLLKSSEGFSLFVKIADKVLSVPENDFFFDFVRHLTDWIKKARPIKDGIVPSLTYQVFFMKKLWTTTVPGKDPMADSIFHYYQELPKYLRGYHKCTREEVLQLGALIYRVKFEEDKSYFPSIPKLLRELVPQDLIRQVSPDDWKRSIVAYFNKHAGKSKEEAKLAFLKLIFKWPTFGSAFFEVKQTTEPNFPEILLIAINKYGVSLIDPKTKDILTTHPFTKISNWSSGNTYFHITIGNLVRGSKLLCETSLGYKMDDLLTSYISQMLTAMSKQRGSRSGK*
chr11:77205582:C/A:1	chr11	77205582	C|A	1	MYO7A	NM_001127180	4647	coding	5753	5487	1829	A>A	syn	None	MVILQQGDHVWMDLRLGQEFDVPIGAVVKLCDSGQVQVVDDEDNEHWISPQNATHIKPMHPTSVHGVEDMIRLGDLNEAGILRNLLIRYRDHLIYTYTGSILVAVNPYQLLSIYSPEHIRQYTNKKIGEMPPHIFAIADNCYFNMKRNSRDQCCIISGESGAGKTESTKLILQFLAAISGQHSWIEQQVLEATPILEAFGNAKTIRNDNSSRFGKYIDIHFNKRGAIEGAKIEQYLLEKSRVCRQALDERNYHVFYCMLEGMSEDQKKKLGLGQASDYNYLAMGNCITCEGRVDSQEYANIRSAMKVLMFTDTENWEISKLLAAILHLGNLQYEARTFENLDACEVLFSPSLATAASLLEVNPPDLMSCLTSRTLITRGETVSTPLSREQALDVRDAFVKGIYGRLFVWIVDKINAAIYKPPSQDVKNSRRSIGLLDIFGFENFAVNSFEQLCINFANEHLQQFFVRHVFKLEQEEYDLESIDWLHIEFTDNQDALDMIANKPMNIISLIDEESKFPKGTDTTMLHKLNSQHKLNANYIPPKNNHETQFGINHFAGIVYYETQGFLEKNRDTLHGDIIQLVHSSRNKFIKQIFQADVAMGAETRKRSPTLSSQFKRSLELLMRTLGACQPFFVRCIKPNEFKKPMLFDRHLCVRQLRYSGMMETIRIRRAGYPIRYSFVEFVERYRVLLPGVKPAYKQGDLRGTCQRMAEAVLGTHDDWQIGKTKIFLKDHHDMLLEVERDKAITDRVILLQKVIRGFKDRSNFLKLKNAATLIQRHWRGHNCRKNYGLMRLGFLRLQALHRSRKLHQQYRLARQRIIQFQARCRAYLVRKAFRHRLWAVLTVQAYARGMIARRLHQRLRAEYLWRLEAEKMRLAEEEKLRKEMSAKKAKEEAERKHQERLAQLAREDAERELKEKEAARRKKELLEQMERARHEPVNHSDMVDKMFGFLGTSGGLPGQEGQAPSGFEDLERGRREMVEEDLDAALPLPDEDEEDLSEYKFAKFAATYFQGTTTHSYTRRPLKQPLLYHDDEGDQLAALAVWITILRFMGDLPEPKYHTAMSDGSEKIPVMTKIYETLGKKTYKRELQALQGEGEAQLPEGQKKSSVRHKLVHLTLKKKSKLTEEVTKRLHDGESTVQGNSMLEDRPTSNLEKLHFIIGNGILRPALRDEIYCQISKQLTHNPSKSSYARGWILVSLCVGCFAPSEKFVKYLRNFIHGGPPGYAPYCEERLRRTFVNGTRTQPPSWLELQATKSKKPIMLPVTFMDGTTKTLLTDSATTAKELCNALADKISLKDRFGFSLYIALFDKVSSLGSGSDHVMDAISQCEQYAKEQGAQERNAPWRLFFRKEVFTPWHSPSEDNVATNLIYQQVVRGVKFGEYRCEKEDDLAELASQQYFVDYGSEMILERLLNLVPTYIPDREITPLKTLEKWAQLAIAAHKKGIYAQRRTDAQKVKEDVVSYARFKWPLLFSRFYEAYKFSGPSLPKNDVIVAVNWTGVYFVDEQEQVLLELSFPEIMAVSSSRGAKTTAPSFTLATIKGDEYTFTSSNAEDIRDLVVTFLEGLRKRSKYVVALQDNPNPAGEESGFLSFAKGDLIILDHDTGEQVMNSGWANGINERTKQRGDFPTDSVYVMPTVTMPPREIVALVTMTPDQRQDVVRLLQLRTAEPEVRAKPYTLEEFSYDYFRPPPKHTLSRVMVSKARGKDRLWSHTREPLKQALLKKLLGSEELSQEACLAFIAVLKYMGDYPSKRTRSVNELTDQIFEGPLKAEPLKDEAYVQILKQLTDNHIRYSEERGWELLWLCTGLFPPSNILLPHVQRFLQSRKHCPLAIDCLQRLQKALRNGSRKYPPHLVEVEAIQHKTTQIFHKVYFPDDTDEAFEVESSTKAKDFCQNIATRLLLKSSEGFSLFVKIADKVLSVPENDFFFDFVRHLTDWIKKARPIKDGIVPSLTYQVFFMKKLWTTTVPGKDPMADSIFHYYQELPKYLRGYHKCTREEVLQLGALIYRVKFEEDKSYFPSIPKLLRELVPQDLIRQVSPDDWKRSIVAYFNKHAGKSKEEAKLAFLKLIFKWPTFGSAFFEQTTEPNFPEILLIAINKYGVSLIDPKTKDILTTHPFTKISNWSSGNTYFHITIGNLVRGSKLLCETSLGYKMDDLLTSYISQMLTAMSKQRGSRSGK*
chr11:77268271:C/A:1	chr11	77268271	C|A	1	GDPD4	NM_182833	220032	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	186	None
chr11:89674010:C/T:1	chr11	89674010	C|T	1	FOLH1B	NM_153696	219595	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr11:92805036:C/A:1	chr11	92805036	C|A	1	FAT3	NM_001008781	120114	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	117	None
chr11:92805036:C/A:1	chr11	92805036	C|A	1	FAT3	NM_001367949	120114	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	117	None
chr11:100308186:C/A:1	chr11	100308186	C|A	1	CNTN5	NM_001243270	53942	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	173	None
chr11:100308186:C/A:1	chr11	100308186	C|A	1	CNTN5	NM_001243271	53942	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	173	None
chr11:100308186:C/A:1	chr11	100308186	C|A	1	CNTN5	NM_014361	53942	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	173	None
chr11:100308186:C/A:1	chr11	100308186	C|A	1	CNTN5	NM_175566	53942	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	173	None
chr11:106824788:A/T:1	chr11	106824788	A|T	1	GUCY1A2	NM_000855	2977	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14310	None
chr11:106824788:A/T:1	chr11	106824788	A|T	1	GUCY1A2	NM_001256424	2977	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14310	None
chr11:113207596:G/T:1	chr11	113207596	G|T	1	NCAM1	NM_000615	4684	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	218	None
chr11:113207596:G/T:1	chr11	113207596	G|T	1	NCAM1	NM_001076682	4684	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	218	None
chr11:113207596:G/T:1	chr11	113207596	G|T	1	NCAM1	NM_001242607	4684	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	218	None
chr11:113207596:G/T:1	chr11	113207596	G|T	1	NCAM1	NM_001242608	4684	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	218	None
chr11:113207596:G/T:1	chr11	113207596	G|T	1	NCAM1	NM_181351	4684	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	218	None
chr11:114087490:T/C:1	chr11	114087490	T|C	1	ZBTB16	NM_001018011	7704	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	22922	None
chr11:114087490:T/C:1	chr11	114087490	T|C	1	ZBTB16	NM_001354750	7704	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	22922	None
chr11:114087490:T/C:1	chr11	114087490	T|C	1	ZBTB16	NM_001354751	7704	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	22922	None
chr11:114087490:T/C:1	chr11	114087490	T|C	1	ZBTB16	NM_001354752	7704	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	22922	None
chr11:114087490:T/C:1	chr11	114087490	T|C	1	ZBTB16	NM_006006	7704	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	22922	None
chr11:119116061:C/T:1	chr11	119116061	C|T	1	C2CD2L	NM_001290474	9854	coding	2318	1926	642	S>S	syn	None	MDPGWGQRDVGWAALLILFAASLLTVFAWLLQYARGLWLARARGDRGPGPALAGEPAGSLRELGVWRSLLRLRATRAGAAEEPGVRGLLASLFAFKSFRENWQRAWVRALNEQACRNGSSIQIAFEEVPQLPPRASISHVTCVDQSEHTMVLRCQLSAEEVRFPVSVTQQSPAAVSMETYHVTLTLPPTQLEVNLEEIPGEGLLISWAFTDRPDLSLTVLPKLQARERGEEQVELSTIEELIKDAIVSTQPAMMVNLRACSAPGGLVPSEKPPMMPQAQPAIPRPNRLFLRQLRASHLGNELEGTEELCCVAELDNPMQQKWTKPARAGSEVEWTEDLALDLGPQSRELTLKVLRSSSCGDTELLGQATLPVGSPSRPLSRRQLCPLTPGPGKALGPAATMAVELHYEEGSPRNLGTPTSSTPRPSITPTKKIELDRTIMPDGTIVTTVTTVQSRPRIDGKLDSPSRSPSKVEVTEKTTTVLSESSGPSNTSHSSSRDSHLSNGLDPVAETAIRQLTEPSGRVAKKTPTKRSTLIISGVSKVPIAQDELALSLGYAASLEASVQDDAGTSGGPSSPPSDPPAMSPGPLDALSSPTSVQEADETTRSDISERPSVDDIESETGSTGALETRSLKDHKVSFLRSGTKLIFRRRPRQKEAGLSQSHDDLSNATATPSVRKKAGSFSRRLIKRFSFKSKPKANGNPSPQL*
chr11:119116061:C/T:1	chr11	119116061	C|T	1	C2CD2L	NM_014807	9854	coding	2321	1929	643	S>S	syn	None	MDPGWGQRDVGWAALLILFAASLLTVFAWLLQYARGLWLARARGDRGPGPALAGEPAGSLRELGVWRSLLRLRATRAGAAEEPGVRGLLASLFAFKSFRENWQRAWVRALNEQACRNGSSIQIAFEEVPQLPPRASISHVTCVDQSEHTMVLRCQLSAEEVRFPVSVTQQSPAAVSMETYHVTLTLPPTQLEVNLEEIPGEGLLISWAFTDRPDLSLTVLPKLQARERGEEQVELSTIEELIKDAIVSTQPAMMVNLRACSAPGGLVPSEKPPMMPQAQPAIPRPNRLFLRQLRASHLGNELEGTEELCCVAELDNPMQQKWTKPARAGSEVEWTEDLALDLGPQSRELTLKVLRSSSCGDTELLGQATLPVGSPSRPLSRRQLCPLTPGPGKALGPAATMAVELHYEEGSPRNLGTPTSSTPRPSITPTKKIELDRTIMPDGTIVTTVTTVQSRPRIDGKLDSPSRSPSKVEVTEKTTTVLSESSGPSNTSHSSSPGDSHLSNGLDPVAETAIRQLTEPSGRVAKKTPTKRSTLIISGVSKVPIAQDELALSLGYAASLEASVQDDAGTSGGPSSPPSDPPAMSPGPLDALSSPTSVQEADETTRSDISERPSVDDIESETGSTGALETRSLKDHKVSFLRSGTKLIFRRRPRQKEAGLSQSHDDLSNATATPSVRKKAGSFSRRLIKRFSFKSKPKANGNPSPQL*
chr11:120591708:G/A:1	chr11	120591708	G|A	1	GRIK4	NM_014619	2900	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61977	None
chr11:120591708:G/A:1	chr11	120591708	G|A	1	GRIK4	NM_001282473	2900	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26983	None
chr11:120591708:G/A:1	chr11	120591708	G|A	1	GRIK4	NM_001282470	2900	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26983	None
chr11:120607427:G/T:1	chr11	120607427	G|T	1	GRIK4	NM_014619	2900	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46258	None
chr11:120607427:G/T:1	chr11	120607427	G|T	1	GRIK4	NM_001282473	2900	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	42702	None
chr11:120607427:G/T:1	chr11	120607427	G|T	1	GRIK4	NM_001282470	2900	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	42702	None
chr11:121058297:A/T:1	chr11	121058297	A|T	1	TBCEL	NM_001130047	219899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr11:121058297:A/T:1	chr11	121058297	A|T	1	TBCEL	NM_001363644	219899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr11:121058297:A/T:1	chr11	121058297	A|T	1	TBCEL	NM_152715	219899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr11:124874968:C/A:1	chr11	124874968	C|A	1	ROBO3	NM_022370	64221	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chr11:125085266:C/T:1	chr11	125085266	C|T	1	SLC37A2	NM_001145290	219855	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	127	None
chr11:125085266:C/T:1	chr11	125085266	C|T	1	SLC37A2	NM_198277	219855	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	127	None
chr11:125454056:T/C:1	chr11	125454056	T|C	1	FEZ1	NM_005103	9638	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	74	None
chr11:125637382:T/C:1	chr11	125637382	T|C	1	CHEK1	NM_001114121	1111	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr11:125637382:T/C:1	chr11	125637382	T|C	1	CHEK1	NM_001114122	1111	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr11:125637382:T/C:1	chr11	125637382	T|C	1	CHEK1	NM_001244846	1111	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr11:125637382:T/C:1	chr11	125637382	T|C	1	CHEK1	NM_001274	1111	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr11:125637382:T/C:1	chr11	125637382	T|C	1	CHEK1	NM_001330427	1111	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr11:125637382:T/C:1	chr11	125637382	T|C	1	CHEK1	NM_001330428	1111	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr11:125637382:T/C:1	chr11	125637382	T|C	1	CHEK1	NR_045204	1111	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr11:125637382:T/C:1	chr11	125637382	T|C	1	CHEK1	NR_045205	1111	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr11:128784861:G/A:1	chr11	128784861	G|A	1	FLI1	NM_001167681	2313	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2838	None
chr11:128784861:G/A:1	chr11	128784861	G|A	1	FLI1	NM_001271010	2313	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2838	None
chr11:128784861:G/A:1	chr11	128784861	G|A	1	FLI1	NM_001271012	2313	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2838	None
chr11:128784861:G/A:1	chr11	128784861	G|A	1	FLI1	NM_002017	2313	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2838	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NM_001048209	50863	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NM_001144058	50863	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NM_001144059	50863	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NM_001352001	50863	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NM_001352002	50863	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NM_001352003	50863	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NM_001352004	50863	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NM_001352005	50863	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NM_001352006	50863	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NM_001352007	50863	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NM_001352008	50863	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NM_001352009	50863	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NM_016522	50863	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NR_147848	50863	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NR_147850	50863	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NR_147851	50863	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NR_147853	50863	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NR_147849	50863	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65921	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NR_147852	50863	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65921	None
chr11:132146101:C/T:1	chr11	132146101	C|T	1	NTM	NR_147854	50863	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65921	None
chr11:133140763:C/A:1	chr11	133140763	C|A	1	OPCML	NM_001319104	4978	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	391501	None
chr11:133140763:C/A:1	chr11	133140763	C|A	1	OPCML	NM_001012393	4978	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	197753	None
chr12:197114:C/T:1	chr12	197114	C|T	1	SLC6A12	NM_001122847	6539	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	232	None
chr12:197114:C/T:1	chr12	197114	C|T	1	SLC6A12	NM_001122848	6539	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	232	None
chr12:197114:C/T:1	chr12	197114	C|T	1	SLC6A12	NM_001206931	6539	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	232	None
chr12:197114:C/T:1	chr12	197114	C|T	1	SLC6A12	NM_003044	6539	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	232	None
chr12:3658138:G/T:1	chr12	3658138	G|T	1	CRACR2A	NM_001144958	84766	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1426	None
chr12:3658138:G/T:1	chr12	3658138	G|T	1	CRACR2A	NM_032680	84766	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1426	None
chr12:4321404:C/A:1	chr12	4321404	C|A	1	TIGAR	NM_020375	57103	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	101	None
chr12:6699412:G/T:1	chr12	6699412	G|T	1	PIANP	NM_001244015	196500	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	723	None
chr12:6699412:G/T:1	chr12	6699412	G|T	1	PIANP	NM_001244014	196500	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1202	None
chr12:6699412:G/T:1	chr12	6699412	G|T	1	PIANP	NM_153685	196500	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1202	None
chr12:6960084:C/T:1	chr12	6960084	C|T	1	PTPN6	NM_002831	5777	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr12:6960084:C/T:1	chr12	6960084	C|T	1	PTPN6	NM_080548	5777	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr12:6960084:C/T:1	chr12	6960084	C|T	1	PTPN6	NM_080549	5777	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_000319	5830	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001351124	5830	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001351126	5830	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001351131	5830	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001351128	5830	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001351134	5830	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001131023	5830	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001131024	5830	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001351132	5830	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001351136	5830	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001351138	5830	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001351139	5830	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001300789	5830	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001351135	5830	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001351137	5830	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001131025	5830	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	2	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001131026	5830	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	2	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001351127	5830	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	2	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001351130	5830	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	2	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001351133	5830	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	2	None
chr12:7190218:T/G:1	chr12	7190218	T|G	1	PEX5	NM_001351140	5830	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	2	None
chr12:8512275:G/T:1	chr12	8512275	G|T	1	CLEC4D	NM_080387	338339	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:9168771:A/T:1	chr12	9168771	A|T	1	PZP	NM_002864	5858	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	98	None
chr12:9396257:A/T:1	chr12	9396257	A|T	1	LOC728715	NR_144634	728715	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:9396257:A/T:1	chr12	9396257	A|T	1	LINC02367	NR_120479	101930452	non-coding	3028	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:9560842:T/C:1	chr12	9560842	T|C	1	OVOS	NR_153413	408186	non-coding	3654	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:10308110:T/A:1	chr12	10308110	T|A	1	KLRD1	NM_001114396	3824	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chr12:10308110:T/A:1	chr12	10308110	T|A	1	KLRD1	NM_001351060	3824	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chr12:10308110:T/A:1	chr12	10308110	T|A	1	KLRD1	NM_001351062	3824	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chr12:10308110:T/A:1	chr12	10308110	T|A	1	KLRD1	NM_001351063	3824	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chr12:10308110:T/A:1	chr12	10308110	T|A	1	KLRD1	NM_002262	3824	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chr12:10308110:T/A:1	chr12	10308110	T|A	1	KLRD1	NR_147038	3824	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chr12:10308110:T/A:1	chr12	10308110	T|A	1	KLRD1	NR_147039	3824	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chr12:10308110:T/A:1	chr12	10308110	T|A	1	KLRD1	NR_147040	3824	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chr12:10308110:T/A:1	chr12	10308110	T|A	1	KLRD1	NM_007334	3824	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chr12:16605069:T/G:1	chr12	16605069	T|G	1	LMO3	NM_001243612	55885	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	699	None
chr12:16605069:T/G:1	chr12	16605069	T|G	1	LMO3	NM_001243609	55885	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	997	None
chr12:16605069:T/G:1	chr12	16605069	T|G	1	LMO3	NM_001243610	55885	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	997	None
chr12:16605069:T/G:1	chr12	16605069	T|G	1	LMO3	NM_001243613	55885	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	997	None
chr12:16605069:T/G:1	chr12	16605069	T|G	1	LMO3	NM_018640	55885	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	997	None
chr12:16605069:T/G:1	chr12	16605069	T|G	1	LMO3	NR_045012	55885	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	997	None
chr12:16605069:T/G:1	chr12	16605069	T|G	1	LMO3	NR_045013	55885	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	997	None
chr12:16605069:T/G:1	chr12	16605069	T|G	1	LMO3	NM_001001395	55885	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2867	None
chr12:16605069:T/G:1	chr12	16605069	T|G	1	LMO3	NR_045014	55885	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2867	None
chr12:16605069:T/G:1	chr12	16605069	T|G	1	LMO3	NM_001243611	55885	5utr	311	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:21239375:C/A:1	chr12	21239375	C|A	1	SLCO1B1	NM_006446	10599	3utr	2366	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:21445528:C/A:1	chr12	21445528	C|A	1	PYROXD1	NM_001350912	79912	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	62	None
chr12:21445528:C/A:1	chr12	21445528	C|A	1	PYROXD1	NM_001350913	79912	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	62	None
chr12:21445528:C/A:1	chr12	21445528	C|A	1	PYROXD1	NM_024854	79912	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	62	None
chr12:26600531:C/A:1	chr12	26600531	C|A	1	ITPR2	NM_002223	3709	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	422	None
chr12:31087758:C/A:1	chr12	31087758	C|A	1	DDX11	NM_001257144	1663	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	180	None
chr12:31087758:C/A:1	chr12	31087758	C|A	1	DDX11	NM_001257145	1663	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	180	None
chr12:31087758:C/A:1	chr12	31087758	C|A	1	DDX11	NM_004399	1663	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	180	None
chr12:31087758:C/A:1	chr12	31087758	C|A	1	DDX11	NM_030653	1663	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	180	None
chr12:31087758:C/A:1	chr12	31087758	C|A	1	DDX11	NM_152438	1663	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	180	None
chr12:31132974:A/C:1	chr12	31132974	A|C	1	OVOS2	NR_153414	144203	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr12:31145316:A/G:1	chr12	31145316	A|G	1	OVOS2	NR_153414	144203	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	94	None
chr12:39650151:C/T:1	chr12	39650151	C|T	1	C12orf40	NM_001031748	283461	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr12:39650151:C/T:1	chr12	39650151	C|T	1	C12orf40	NM_001319247	283461	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr12:39650151:C/T:1	chr12	39650151	C|T	1	C12orf40	NR_135051	283461	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr12:47982418:C/T:1	chr12	47982418	C|T	1	COL2A1	NM_001844	1280	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr12:47982418:C/T:1	chr12	47982418	C|T	1	COL2A1	NM_033150	1280	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr12:49018887:C/T:1	chr12	49018887	C|T	1	KMT2D	NM_003482	8085	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:49018887:C/T:1	chr12	49018887	C|T	1	DDN-AS1	NR_147178	105369758	non-coding	1077	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:49018887:C/T:1	chr12	49018887	C|T	1	DDN-AS1	NR_147179	105369758	non-coding	996	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:49018887:C/T:1	chr12	49018887	C|T	1	PRKAG1	NM_001206710	5571	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:49018887:C/T:1	chr12	49018887	C|T	1	PRKAG1	NM_001206709	5571	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:49018887:C/T:1	chr12	49018887	C|T	1	PRKAG1	NM_002733	5571	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:49557449:T/C:1	chr12	49557449	T|C	1	MCRS1	NM_001278341	10445	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:49557449:T/C:1	chr12	49557449	T|C	1	MCRS1	NM_006337	10445	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:49557449:T/C:1	chr12	49557449	T|C	1	MCRS1	NM_001012300	10445	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:49557449:T/C:1	chr12	49557449	T|C	1	KCNH3	NM_001314030	23416	coding	3004	2568	856	G>G	syn	None	MQRGCACSFLYGPDTSELVRQQIRKALDEHKEFKAELILYRKSGLPFWCLLDVIPIKNEKGEVALFLVSHKDISETKNRGGPDRWKETGGGRRRYGRARSKGFNANRRRSRAVLYHLSGHLQKQPKGKHKLNKGVFGEKPNLPEYKVAAIRKSPFILLHCGALRATWDGFILLATLYVAVTVPYSVCVSTAREPSAARGPPSVCDLAVEVLFILDIVLNFRTTFVSKSGQVVFAPKSICLHYVTTWFLLDVIAALPFDLLHAFKVNVYFGAHLLKTVRLLRLLRLLPRLDRYSQYSAVVLTLLMAVFALLAHWVACVWFYIGQREIESSESELPEIGWLQELARRLETPYYLVGRRPAGGNSSGQSDNCSSSSEANGTGLELLGGPSLRSAYITSLYFALSSLTSVGFGNVSANTDTEKIFSICTMLIGALMHAVVFGNVTAIIQRMYARRFLYHSRTRDLRDYIRIHRIPKPLKQRMLEYFQATWAVNNGIDTTELLQSLPDELRADIAMHLHKEVLQLPLFEAASRGCLRALSLALRPAFCTPGEYLIHQGDALQALYFVCSGSMEVLKGGTVLAILGKGDLIGCELPRREQVVKANADVKGLTYCVLQCLQLAGLHDSLALYPEFAPRFSRGLRGELSYNLGAGGGSAEVDTSSLSGDNTLMSTLEEKETDGEQGPTVSPAPADEPSSPLLSPGCTSSSSAAKLLSPRRTAPRPRLGGRGRPGRAGALKAEAGPSAPPRALEGLRLPPMPWNVPPDLSPRVVDGIEDGCGSDQPKFSFRVGQSGPECSSSPSPGPESGLLTVPHGPSEARNTDTLDKLRQAVTELSEQVLQMREGLQSLRQAVQLVLAPHREGPCPRASGEGPCPASTSGLLQPLCVDTGASSYCLQPPAGSVLSGTWPHPRPGPPPLMAPWPWGPPASQSSPWPRATAFWTSTSDSEPPASGDLCSEPSTPASPPPSEEGARTGPAEPVSQAEATSTGEPPPGSGGLALPWDPHSLEMVLIGCHGSGTVQWTQEEGTGV*
chr12:49557449:T/C:1	chr12	49557449	T|C	1	KCNH3	NM_012284	23416	coding	3135	2748	916	G>G	syn	None	MPAMRGLLAPQNTFLDTIATRFDGTHSNFVLGNAQVAGLFPVVYCSDGFCDLTGFSRAEVMQRGCACSFLYGPDTSELVRQQIRKALDEHKEFKAELILYRKSGLPFWCLLDVIPIKNEKGEVALFLVSHKDISETKNRGGPDRWKETGGGRRRYGRARSKGFNANRRRSRAVLYHLSGHLQKQPKGKHKLNKGVFGEKPNLPEYKVAAIRKSPFILLHCGALRATWDGFILLATLYVAVTVPYSVCVSTAREPSAARGPPSVCDLAVEVLFILDIVLNFRTTFVSKSGQVVFAPKSICLHYVTTWFLLDVIAALPFDLLHAFKVNVYFGAHLLKTVRLLRLLRLLPRLDRYSQYSAVVLTLLMAVFALLAHWVACVWFYIGQREIESSESELPEIGWLQELARRLETPYYLVGRRPAGGNSSGQSDNCSSSSEANGTGLELLGGPSLRSAYITSLYFALSSLTSVGFGNVSANTDTEKIFSICTMLIGALMHAVVFGNVTAIIQRMYARRFLYHSRTRDLRDYIRIHRIPKPLKQRMLEYFQATWAVNNGIDTTELLQSLPDELRADIAMHLHKEVLQLPLFEAASRGCLRALSLALRPAFCTPGEYLIHQGDALQALYFVCSGSMEVLKGGTVLAILGKGDLIGCELPRREQVVKANADVKGLTYCVLQCLQLAGLHDSLALYPEFAPRFSRGLRGELSYNLGAGGGSAEVDTSSLSGDNTLMSTLEEKETDGEQGPTVSPAPADEPSSPLLSPGCTSSSSAAKLLSPRRTAPRPRLGGRGRPGRAGALKAEAGPSAPPRALEGLRLPPMPWNVPPDLSPRVVDGIEDGCGSDQPKFSFRVGQSGPECSSSPSPGPESGLLTVPHGPSEARNTDTLDKLRQAVTELSEQVLQMREGLQSLRQAVQLVLAPHREGPCPRASGEGPCPASTSGLLQPLCVDTGASSYCLQPPAGSVLSGTWPHPRPGPPPLMAPWPWGPPASQSSPWPRATAFWTSTSDSEPPASGDLCSEPSTPASPPPSEEGARTGPAEPVSQAEATSTGEPPPGSGGLALPWDPHSLEMVLIGCHGSGTVQWTQEEGTGV*
chr12:49558885:G/A:1	chr12	49558885	G|A	1	KCNH3	NM_001314030	23416	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:49558885:G/A:1	chr12	49558885	G|A	1	KCNH3	NM_012284	23416	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:49558885:G/A:1	chr12	49558885	G|A	1	MCRS1	NM_001012300	10445	coding	1299	1299	433	L>L	syn	None	MTRGTGGTAQRGRSGPDSQGLLDSSLMASGTASRSEDEESLAGQKRASSQALGTIPKRRSSSRFIKRKKFDDELVESSLAKSSTRAKGASGVEPGRCSGSEPSSSEKKKVSKAPSTPVPPSPAPAPGLTKRVKKSKQPLQVTKDLGRWKPADDLLLINAVLQTNDLTSVHLGVKFSCRFTLREVQERWYALLYDPVISKLACQAMRQLHPEAIAAIQSKALFSKAEEQLLSKVGSTSQPTLETFQDLLHRHPDAFYLARTAKALQAHWQLMKQYYLLEDQTVQPLPKGDQVLNFSDAEDLIDDSKLKDMRDEVLEHELMVADRRQKREIRQLEQELHKWQVLVDSITGMSSPDFDNQTLAVLRGRMVRYLMRSREITLGRATKDNQIDVDLSLEGPAWKISRKQGVIKLKNNGDFFIANEGRRPIYIDGRPVLCGSKWRLSNNSVVEIASLRFVFLINQDLIALIRAEAAKITPQ*
chr12:49558885:G/A:1	chr12	49558885	G|A	1	MCRS1	NM_001278341	10445	coding	1209	687	229	L>L	syn	None	MRQLHPEAIAAIQSKALFSKAEEQLLSKVGSTSQPTLETFQDLLHRHPDAFYLARTAKALQAHWQLMKQYYLLEDQTVQPLPKGDQVLNFSDAEDLIDDSKLKDMRDEVLEHELMVADRRQKREIRQLEQELHKWQVLVDSITGMSSPDFDNQTLAVLRGRMVRYLMRSREITLGRATKDNQIDVDLSLEGPAWKISRKQGVIKLKNNGDFFIANEGRRPIYIDGRPVLCGSKWRLSNNSVVEIASLRFVFLINQDLIALIRAEAAKITPQ*
chr12:49558885:G/A:1	chr12	49558885	G|A	1	MCRS1	NM_006337	10445	coding	1465	1260	420	L>L	syn	None	MDKDSQGLLDSSLMASGTASRSEDEESLAGQKRASSQALGTIPKRRSSSRFIKRKKFDDELVESSLAKSSTRAKGASGVEPGRCSGSEPSSSEKKKVSKAPSTPVPPSPAPAPGLTKRVKKSKQPLQVTKDLGRWKPADDLLLINAVLQTNDLTSVHLGVKFSCRFTLREVQERWYALLYDPVISKLACQAMRQLHPEAIAAIQSKALFSKAEEQLLSKVGSTSQPTLETFQDLLHRHPDAFYLARTAKALQAHWQLMKQYYLLEDQTVQPLPKGDQVLNFSDAEDLIDDSKLKDMRDEVLEHELMVADRRQKREIRQLEQELHKWQVLVDSITGMSSPDFDNQTLAVLRGRMVRYLMRSREITLGRATKDNQIDVDLSLEGPAWKISRKQGVIKLKNNGDFFIANEGRRPIYIDGRPVLCGSKWRLSNNSVVEIASLRFVFLINQDLIALIRAEAAKITPQ*
chr12:51297095:C/A:1	chr12	51297095	C|A	1	BIN2	NM_001364781	51411	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2108	None
chr12:51297095:C/A:1	chr12	51297095	C|A	1	BIN2	NM_001290007	51411	coding	747	594	198	M>I	nonsyn	None	MVLQKLGKAVETKDERFEQSASNFYQQQAEGHKLYKDLKNFLSAVKVMHESSKRVSETLQEIYSSEWDGHEELKAIVWNNDLLWEDYEEKLADQAVRTMEIYVAQFSEIKERIAKRGRKLVDYDSARHHLEAVQNAKKKDEAKTAKAEEEFNKAQTVFEDLNQELLEELPILYNSRIGCYVTIFQNISNLRDVFYREMSKLNHNLYEVMSKLEKQHSNKVFVVKGLSSSSRRSLVISPPVRTATVSSPLTSPTSPSTLSLKSESESVSATEDLAPDAAQGEDNSEIKELLEEEEIEKEGSEASSSEEDEPLPACNGPAQAQPSPTTERAKSQEEVLPSSTTPSPGGALSPSGQPSSSATEVVLRTRTASEGSEQPKKRASIQRTSAPPSRPPPPRATASPRPSSGNIPSSPTASGGGSPTSPRASLGTGTASPRTSLEVSPNPEPPEKPVRTPEAKENENIHNQNPEELCTSPTLMTSQVASEPGEAKKMEDKEKDNKLISANSSEGQDQLQVSMVPENNNLTAPEPQEEVSTSENPQL*|MVLQKLGKAVETKDERFEQSASNFYQQQAEGHKLYKDLKNFLSAVKVMHESSKRVSETLQEIYSSEWDGHEELKAIVWNNDLLWEDYEEKLADQAVRTMEIYVAQFSEIKERIAKRGRKLVDYDSARHHLEAVQNAKKKDEAKTAKAEEEFNKAQTVFEDLNQELLEELPILYNSRIGCYVTIFQNISNLRDVFYREISKLNHNLYEVMSKLEKQHSNKVFVVKGLSSSSRRSLVISPPVRTATVSSPLTSPTSPSTLSLKSESESVSATEDLAPDAAQGEDNSEIKELLEEEEIEKEGSEASSSEEDEPLPACNGPAQAQPSPTTERAKSQEEVLPSSTTPSPGGALSPSGQPSSSATEVVLRTRTASEGSEQPKKRASIQRTSAPPSRPPPPRATASPRPSSGNIPSSPTASGGGSPTSPRASLGTGTASPRTSLEVSPNPEPPEKPVRTPEAKENENIHNQNPEELCTSPTLMTSQVASEPGEAKKMEDKEKDNKLISANSSEGQDQLQVSMVPENNNLTAPEPQEEVSTSENPQL*
chr12:51297095:C/A:1	chr12	51297095	C|A	1	BIN2	NM_001290008	51411	coding	648	576	192	M>I	nonsyn	None	MAEGKAGGAAGLFAKQVQKKFSRAQEKVLQKLGKAVETKDERFEQSASNFYQQQAEGHKLYKDLKNFLSAVKVMHESSKRVSETLQEIYSSEWDGHEELKAIVWERIAKRGRKLVDYDSARHHLEAVQNAKKKDEAKTAKAEEEFNKAQTVFEDLNQELLEELPILYNSRIGCYVTIFQNISNLRDVFYREMSKLNHNLYEVMSKLEKQHSNKVFVVKGLSSSSRRSLVISPPVRTATVSSPLTSPTSPSTLSLKSESESVSATEDLAPDAAQGEDNSEIKELLEEEEIEKEGSEASSSEEDEPLPACNGPAQAQPSPTTERAKSQEEVLPSSTTPSPGGALSPSGQPSSSATEVVLRTRTASEGSEQPKKRASIQRTSAPPSRPPPPRATASPRPSSGNIPSSPTASGGGSPTSPRASLGTGTASPRTSLEVSPNPEPPEKPVRTPEAKENENIHNQNPEELCTSPTLMTSQVASEPGEAKKMEDKEKDNKLISANSSEGQDQLQVSMVPENNNLTAPEPQEEVSTSENPQL*|MAEGKAGGAAGLFAKQVQKKFSRAQEKVLQKLGKAVETKDERFEQSASNFYQQQAEGHKLYKDLKNFLSAVKVMHESSKRVSETLQEIYSSEWDGHEELKAIVWERIAKRGRKLVDYDSARHHLEAVQNAKKKDEAKTAKAEEEFNKAQTVFEDLNQELLEELPILYNSRIGCYVTIFQNISNLRDVFYREISKLNHNLYEVMSKLEKQHSNKVFVVKGLSSSSRRSLVISPPVRTATVSSPLTSPTSPSTLSLKSESESVSATEDLAPDAAQGEDNSEIKELLEEEEIEKEGSEASSSEEDEPLPACNGPAQAQPSPTTERAKSQEEVLPSSTTPSPGGALSPSGQPSSSATEVVLRTRTASEGSEQPKKRASIQRTSAPPSRPPPPRATASPRPSSGNIPSSPTASGGGSPTSPRASLGTGTASPRTSLEVSPNPEPPEKPVRTPEAKENENIHNQNPEELCTSPTLMTSQVASEPGEAKKMEDKEKDNKLISANSSEGQDQLQVSMVPENNNLTAPEPQEEVSTSENPQL*
chr12:51297095:C/A:1	chr12	51297095	C|A	1	BIN2	NM_001290009	51411	coding	1314	300	100	M>I	nonsyn	None	MEIYVAQFSEIKERIAKRGRKLVDYDSARHHLEAVQNAKKKDEAKTAKAEEEFNKAQTVFEDLNQELLEELPILYNSRIGCYVTIFQNISNLRDVFYREMSKLNHNLYEVMSKLEKQHSNKVFVVKGLSSSSRRSLVISPPVRTATVSSPLTSPTSPSTLSLKSESESVSATEDLAPDAAQGEDNSEIKELLEEEEIEKEGSEASSSEEDEPLPACNGPAQAQPSPTTERAKSQEEVLPSSTTPSPGGALSPSGQPSSSATEVVLRTRTASEGSEQPKKRASIQRTSAPPSRPPPPRATASPRPSSGNIPSSPTASGGGSPTSPRASLGTGTASPRTSLEVSPNPEPPEKPVRTPEAKENENIHNQNPEELCTSPTLMTSQVASEPGEAKKMEDKEKDNKLISANSSEGQDQLQVSMVPENNNLTAPEPQEEVSTSENPQL*|MEIYVAQFSEIKERIAKRGRKLVDYDSARHHLEAVQNAKKKDEAKTAKAEEEFNKAQTVFEDLNQELLEELPILYNSRIGCYVTIFQNISNLRDVFYREISKLNHNLYEVMSKLEKQHSNKVFVVKGLSSSSRRSLVISPPVRTATVSSPLTSPTSPSTLSLKSESESVSATEDLAPDAAQGEDNSEIKELLEEEEIEKEGSEASSSEEDEPLPACNGPAQAQPSPTTERAKSQEEVLPSSTTPSPGGALSPSGQPSSSATEVVLRTRTASEGSEQPKKRASIQRTSAPPSRPPPPRATASPRPSSGNIPSSPTASGGGSPTSPRASLGTGTASPRTSLEVSPNPEPPEKPVRTPEAKENENIHNQNPEELCTSPTLMTSQVASEPGEAKKMEDKEKDNKLISANSSEGQDQLQVSMVPENNNLTAPEPQEEVSTSENPQL*
chr12:51297095:C/A:1	chr12	51297095	C|A	1	BIN2	NM_001364779	51411	coding	744	672	224	M>I	nonsyn	None	MAEGKAGGAAGLFAKQVQKKFSRAQEKVLQKLGKAVETKDERFEQSASNFYQQQAEGHKLYKDLKNFLSAVKVMHESSKRVSETLQEIYSSEWDGHEELKAIVWNNDLLWEDYEEKLADQAVRTMEIYVAQFSEIKERIAKRGRKLVDYDSARHHLEAVQNAKKKDEAKTAKAEEEFNKAQTVFEDLNQELLEELPILYNSRIGCYVTIFQNISNLRDVFYREMSKLNHNLYEVMSKLEKQHSNKVFVVKGLSSSRRSLVISPPVRTATVSSPLTSPTSPSTLSLKSESESVSATEDLAPDAAQGEDNSEIKELLEEEEIEKEGSEASSSEEDEPLPACNGPAQAQPSPTTERAKSQEEVLPSSTTPSPGGALSPSGQPSSSATEVVLRTRTASEGSEQPKKRASIQRTSAPPSRPPPPRATASPRPSSGNIPSSPTASGGGSPTSPRASLGTGTASPRTSLEVSPNPEPPEKPVRTPEAKENENIHNQNPEELCTSPTLMTSQVASEPGEAKKMEDKEKDNKLISANSSEGQDQLQVSMVPENNNLTAPEPQEEVSTSENPQL*|MAEGKAGGAAGLFAKQVQKKFSRAQEKVLQKLGKAVETKDERFEQSASNFYQQQAEGHKLYKDLKNFLSAVKVMHESSKRVSETLQEIYSSEWDGHEELKAIVWNNDLLWEDYEEKLADQAVRTMEIYVAQFSEIKERIAKRGRKLVDYDSARHHLEAVQNAKKKDEAKTAKAEEEFNKAQTVFEDLNQELLEELPILYNSRIGCYVTIFQNISNLRDVFYREISKLNHNLYEVMSKLEKQHSNKVFVVKGLSSSRRSLVISPPVRTATVSSPLTSPTSPSTLSLKSESESVSATEDLAPDAAQGEDNSEIKELLEEEEIEKEGSEASSSEEDEPLPACNGPAQAQPSPTTERAKSQEEVLPSSTTPSPGGALSPSGQPSSSATEVVLRTRTASEGSEQPKKRASIQRTSAPPSRPPPPRATASPRPSSGNIPSSPTASGGGSPTSPRASLGTGTASPRTSLEVSPNPEPPEKPVRTPEAKENENIHNQNPEELCTSPTLMTSQVASEPGEAKKMEDKEKDNKLISANSSEGQDQLQVSMVPENNNLTAPEPQEEVSTSENPQL*
chr12:51297095:C/A:1	chr12	51297095	C|A	1	BIN2	NM_001364780	51411	coding	744	672	224	M>I	nonsyn	None	MAEGKAGGAAGLFAKQVQKKFSRAQEKVLQKLGKAVETKDERFEQSASNFYQQQAEGHKLYKDLKNFLSAVKVMHESSKRVSETLQEIYSSEWDGHEELKAIVWNNDLLWEDYEEKLADQAVRTMEIYVAQFSEIKERIAKRGRKLVDYDSARHHLEAVQNAKKKDEAKTAKAEEEFNKAQTVFEDLNQELLEELPILYNSRIGCYVTIFQNISNLRDVFYREMSKLNHNLYEVMSKLEKQHSNKVFVVKGLSSSSRRSLVISPPVRTATVSSPLTSPTSPSTLSLKSESESVSATEDLAPDAAQGEDNSEIKELLEEEEIEKEGSEASSSEEDEPLPACNGPAQAQPSPTTERAKSQEEVLPSSTTPSPGGALSPSGQPSSSATEVVLRTRTASEGSEQPKKRASIQRTSAPPSRPPPPRATASPRPSSGNIPSSPTASGGGSPTSPRASLGTGTASPRTSLEVSPNPEPPEKPVRTPEAKENENIHNQNPEELCTSPTLMTSQGQDQLQVSMVPENNNLTAPEPQEEVSTSENPQL*|MAEGKAGGAAGLFAKQVQKKFSRAQEKVLQKLGKAVETKDERFEQSASNFYQQQAEGHKLYKDLKNFLSAVKVMHESSKRVSETLQEIYSSEWDGHEELKAIVWNNDLLWEDYEEKLADQAVRTMEIYVAQFSEIKERIAKRGRKLVDYDSARHHLEAVQNAKKKDEAKTAKAEEEFNKAQTVFEDLNQELLEELPILYNSRIGCYVTIFQNISNLRDVFYREISKLNHNLYEVMSKLEKQHSNKVFVVKGLSSSSRRSLVISPPVRTATVSSPLTSPTSPSTLSLKSESESVSATEDLAPDAAQGEDNSEIKELLEEEEIEKEGSEASSSEEDEPLPACNGPAQAQPSPTTERAKSQEEVLPSSTTPSPGGALSPSGQPSSSATEVVLRTRTASEGSEQPKKRASIQRTSAPPSRPPPPRATASPRPSSGNIPSSPTASGGGSPTSPRASLGTGTASPRTSLEVSPNPEPPEKPVRTPEAKENENIHNQNPEELCTSPTLMTSQGQDQLQVSMVPENNNLTAPEPQEEVSTSENPQL*
chr12:51297095:C/A:1	chr12	51297095	C|A	1	BIN2	NM_016293	51411	coding	744	672	224	M>I	nonsyn	None	MAEGKAGGAAGLFAKQVQKKFSRAQEKVLQKLGKAVETKDERFEQSASNFYQQQAEGHKLYKDLKNFLSAVKVMHESSKRVSETLQEIYSSEWDGHEELKAIVWNNDLLWEDYEEKLADQAVRTMEIYVAQFSEIKERIAKRGRKLVDYDSARHHLEAVQNAKKKDEAKTAKAEEEFNKAQTVFEDLNQELLEELPILYNSRIGCYVTIFQNISNLRDVFYREMSKLNHNLYEVMSKLEKQHSNKVFVVKGLSSSSRRSLVISPPVRTATVSSPLTSPTSPSTLSLKSESESVSATEDLAPDAAQGEDNSEIKELLEEEEIEKEGSEASSSEEDEPLPACNGPAQAQPSPTTERAKSQEEVLPSSTTPSPGGALSPSGQPSSSATEVVLRTRTASEGSEQPKKRASIQRTSAPPSRPPPPRATASPRPSSGNIPSSPTASGGGSPTSPRASLGTGTASPRTSLEVSPNPEPPEKPVRTPEAKENENIHNQNPEELCTSPTLMTSQVASEPGEAKKMEDKEKDNKLISANSSEGQDQLQVSMVPENNNLTAPEPQEEVSTSENPQL*|MAEGKAGGAAGLFAKQVQKKFSRAQEKVLQKLGKAVETKDERFEQSASNFYQQQAEGHKLYKDLKNFLSAVKVMHESSKRVSETLQEIYSSEWDGHEELKAIVWNNDLLWEDYEEKLADQAVRTMEIYVAQFSEIKERIAKRGRKLVDYDSARHHLEAVQNAKKKDEAKTAKAEEEFNKAQTVFEDLNQELLEELPILYNSRIGCYVTIFQNISNLRDVFYREISKLNHNLYEVMSKLEKQHSNKVFVVKGLSSSSRRSLVISPPVRTATVSSPLTSPTSPSTLSLKSESESVSATEDLAPDAAQGEDNSEIKELLEEEEIEKEGSEASSSEEDEPLPACNGPAQAQPSPTTERAKSQEEVLPSSTTPSPGGALSPSGQPSSSATEVVLRTRTASEGSEQPKKRASIQRTSAPPSRPPPPRATASPRPSSGNIPSSPTASGGGSPTSPRASLGTGTASPRTSLEVSPNPEPPEKPVRTPEAKENENIHNQNPEELCTSPTLMTSQVASEPGEAKKMEDKEKDNKLISANSSEGQDQLQVSMVPENNNLTAPEPQEEVSTSENPQL*
chr12:52424307:T/C:1	chr12	52424307	T|C	1	KRT75	NM_004693	9119	3utr	1933	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:52492434:T/C:1	chr12	52492434	T|C	1	KRT6A	NM_005554	3853	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	215	None
chr12:52790990:A/G:1	chr12	52790990	A|G	1	KRT3	NM_057088	3850	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	118	None
chr12:55955040:C/A:1	chr12	55955040	C|A	1	DGKA	NM_001345	1606	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:55955040:C/A:1	chr12	55955040	C|A	1	DGKA	NM_001351033	1606	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:55955040:C/A:1	chr12	55955040	C|A	1	DGKA	NM_001351034	1606	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:55955040:C/A:1	chr12	55955040	C|A	1	DGKA	NM_001351035	1606	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:55955040:C/A:1	chr12	55955040	C|A	1	DGKA	NM_001351036	1606	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:55955040:C/A:1	chr12	55955040	C|A	1	DGKA	NM_001351037	1606	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:55955040:C/A:1	chr12	55955040	C|A	1	DGKA	NM_001351038	1606	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:55955040:C/A:1	chr12	55955040	C|A	1	DGKA	NM_001351039	1606	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:55955040:C/A:1	chr12	55955040	C|A	1	DGKA	NM_001351040	1606	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:55955040:C/A:1	chr12	55955040	C|A	1	DGKA	NM_201444	1606	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:55955040:C/A:1	chr12	55955040	C|A	1	DGKA	NM_201445	1606	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:55955040:C/A:1	chr12	55955040	C|A	1	DGKA	NM_201554	1606	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:55955040:C/A:1	chr12	55955040	C|A	1	DGKA	NR_147026	1606	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:55955040:C/A:1	chr12	55955040	C|A	1	DGKA	NR_147027	1606	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:55955040:C/A:1	chr12	55955040	C|A	1	PMEL	NM_001200053	6490	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	234	None
chr12:55955040:C/A:1	chr12	55955040	C|A	1	PMEL	NM_001200054	6490	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	234	None
chr12:55955040:C/A:1	chr12	55955040	C|A	1	PMEL	NM_001320121	6490	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	234	None
chr12:55955040:C/A:1	chr12	55955040	C|A	1	PMEL	NM_001320122	6490	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	234	None
chr12:55955040:C/A:1	chr12	55955040	C|A	1	PMEL	NM_006928	6490	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	234	None
chr12:57102572:A/C:1	chr12	57102572	A|C	1	STAT6	NM_001178078	6778	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	76	None
chr12:57102572:A/C:1	chr12	57102572	A|C	1	STAT6	NM_001178079	6778	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	76	None
chr12:57102572:A/C:1	chr12	57102572	A|C	1	STAT6	NM_001178080	6778	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	76	None
chr12:57102572:A/C:1	chr12	57102572	A|C	1	STAT6	NM_001178081	6778	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	76	None
chr12:57102572:A/C:1	chr12	57102572	A|C	1	STAT6	NM_003153	6778	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	76	None
chr12:57102572:A/C:1	chr12	57102572	A|C	1	STAT6	NR_033659	6778	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	76	None
chr12:63149800:A/T:1	chr12	63149800	A|T	1	AVPR1A	NM_000706	552	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr12:64216016:T/A:1	chr12	64216016	T|A	1	C12orf66	NM_001300940	144577	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	53	None
chr12:64216016:T/A:1	chr12	64216016	T|A	1	C12orf66	NM_152440	144577	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	53	None
chr12:64216016:T/A:1	chr12	64216016	T|A	1	C12orf66	NM_001300941	144577	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	53	None
chr12:64722884:C/A:1	chr12	64722884	C|A	1	GNS	NM_002076	2799	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	122	None
chr12:71578101:A/C:1	chr12	71578101	A|C	1	LGR5	NM_001277226	8549	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	105	None
chr12:71578101:A/C:1	chr12	71578101	A|C	1	LGR5	NM_001277227	8549	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	105	None
chr12:71578101:A/C:1	chr12	71578101	A|C	1	LGR5	NM_003667	8549	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	105	None
chr12:71578101:A/C:1	chr12	71578101	A|C	1	LGR5	NR_110596	8549	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	105	None
chr12:72432040:G/T:1	chr12	72432040	G|T	1	TRHDE	NM_013381	29953	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	37718	None
chr12:79822198:G/T:1	chr12	79822198	G|T	1	PPP1R12A	NM_001143885	4659	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8	None
chr12:79822198:G/T:1	chr12	79822198	G|T	1	PPP1R12A	NM_001143886	4659	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8	None
chr12:79822198:G/T:1	chr12	79822198	G|T	1	PPP1R12A	NM_001244990	4659	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8	None
chr12:79822198:G/T:1	chr12	79822198	G|T	1	PPP1R12A	NM_001244992	4659	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8	None
chr12:79822198:G/T:1	chr12	79822198	G|T	1	PPP1R12A	NM_002480	4659	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8	None
chr12:88516155:G/T:1	chr12	88516155	G|T	1	KITLG	NM_003994	4254	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	179	None
chr12:88516155:G/T:1	chr12	88516155	G|T	1	KITLG	NM_000899	4254	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	179	None
chr12:89471855:C/A:1	chr12	89471855	C|A	1	POC1B	NM_001199777	282809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr12:89471855:C/A:1	chr12	89471855	C|A	1	POC1B	NM_172240	282809	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr12:89471855:C/A:1	chr12	89471855	C|A	1	POC1B	NR_037659	282809	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr12:89471855:C/A:1	chr12	89471855	C|A	1	POC1B	NR_037660	282809	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr12:94560811:G/T:1	chr12	94560811	G|T	1	MIR5700	NR_049885	100847031	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:95976434:G/T:1	chr12	95976434	G|T	1	HAL	NM_001258334	3034	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	164	None
chr12:95976434:G/T:1	chr12	95976434	G|T	1	HAL	NM_001258333	3034	coding	2130	1204	402	Q>K	nonsyn	None	MLLALRINVLAKGYSGISLETLKQVIEMFNASCLPYVPEKGTVGASGDLAPLSHLALGLVGEGKMWSPKSGWADAKYVLEAHGLKPVILKPKEGLALINGTQMITSLGCEAVERASAIARQADIVAALTLEVLKGTTKAFDTDIHALRPHRGQIEVAFRFRSLLDSDHHPSEIAESHRFCDRVQDAYTLRCCPQVHGVVNDTIAFVKNIITTELNSATDNPMVFANRGETVSGGNFHGEYPAKALDYLAIGIHELAAISERRIERLCNPSLSELPAFLVAEGGLNSGFMIAHCTAAALVSENKALCHPSSVDSLSTSAATEDHVSMGGWAARKALRVIEHVEQVLAIELLAACQGIEFLRPLKTTTPLEKVYDLVRSVVRPWIKDRFMAPDIEAAHRLLLEQKVWEVAAPYIEKYRMEHIPESRPLSPTAFSLQFLHKKSTKIPESEDL*|MLLALRINVLAKGYSGISLETLKQVIEMFNASCLPYVPEKGTVGASGDLAPLSHLALGLVGEGKMWSPKSGWADAKYVLEAHGLKPVILKPKEGLALINGTQMITSLGCEAVERASAIARQADIVAALTLEVLKGTTKAFDTDIHALRPHRGQIEVAFRFRSLLDSDHHPSEIAESHRFCDRVQDAYTLRCCPQVHGVVNDTIAFVKNIITTELNSATDNPMVFANRGETVSGGNFHGEYPAKALDYLAIGIHELAAISERRIERLCNPSLSELPAFLVAEGGLNSGFMIAHCTAAALVSENKALCHPSSVDSLSTSAATEDHVSMGGWAARKALRVIEHVEQVLAIELLAACQGIEFLRPLKTTTPLEKVYDLVRSVVRPWIKDRFMAPDIEAAHRLLLEKKVWEVAAPYIEKYRMEHIPESRPLSPTAFSLQFLHKKSTKIPESEDL*
chr12:95976434:G/T:1	chr12	95976434	G|T	1	HAL	NM_002108	3034	coding	2176	1828	610	Q>K	nonsyn	None	MPRYTVHVRGEWLAVPCQDAQLTVGWLGREAVRRYIKNKPDNGGFTSVDDAHFLVRRCKGLGLLDNEDRLEVALENNEFVEVVIEGDAMSPDFIPSQPEGVYLYSKYREPEKYIELDGDRLTTEDLVNLGKGRYKIKLTPTAEKRVQKSREVIDSIIKEKTVVYGITTGFGKFARTVIPINKLQELQVNLVRSHSSGVGKPLSPERCRMLLALRINVLAKGYSGISLETLKQVIEMFNASCLPYVPEKGTVGASGDLAPLSHLALGLVGEGKMWSPKSGWADAKYVLEAHGLKPVILKPKEGLALINGTQMITSLGCEAVERASAIARQADIVAALTLEVLKGTTKAFDTDIHALRPHRGQIEVAFRFRSLLDSDHHPSEIAESHRFCDRVQDAYTLRCCPQVHGVVNDTIAFVKNIITTELNSATDNPMVFANRGETVSGGNFHGEYPAKALDYLAIGIHELAAISERRIERLCNPSLSELPAFLVAEGGLNSGFMIAHCTAAALVSENKALCHPSSVDSLSTSAATEDHVSMGGWAARKALRVIEHVEQVLAIELLAACQGIEFLRPLKTTTPLEKVYDLVRSVVRPWIKDRFMAPDIEAAHRLLLEQKVWEVAAPYIEKYRMEHIPESRPLSPTAFSLQFLHKKSTKIPESEDL*|MPRYTVHVRGEWLAVPCQDAQLTVGWLGREAVRRYIKNKPDNGGFTSVDDAHFLVRRCKGLGLLDNEDRLEVALENNEFVEVVIEGDAMSPDFIPSQPEGVYLYSKYREPEKYIELDGDRLTTEDLVNLGKGRYKIKLTPTAEKRVQKSREVIDSIIKEKTVVYGITTGFGKFARTVIPINKLQELQVNLVRSHSSGVGKPLSPERCRMLLALRINVLAKGYSGISLETLKQVIEMFNASCLPYVPEKGTVGASGDLAPLSHLALGLVGEGKMWSPKSGWADAKYVLEAHGLKPVILKPKEGLALINGTQMITSLGCEAVERASAIARQADIVAALTLEVLKGTTKAFDTDIHALRPHRGQIEVAFRFRSLLDSDHHPSEIAESHRFCDRVQDAYTLRCCPQVHGVVNDTIAFVKNIITTELNSATDNPMVFANRGETVSGGNFHGEYPAKALDYLAIGIHELAAISERRIERLCNPSLSELPAFLVAEGGLNSGFMIAHCTAAALVSENKALCHPSSVDSLSTSAATEDHVSMGGWAARKALRVIEHVEQVLAIELLAACQGIEFLRPLKTTTPLEKVYDLVRSVVRPWIKDRFMAPDIEAAHRLLLEKKVWEVAAPYIEKYRMEHIPESRPLSPTAFSLQFLHKKSTKIPESEDL*
chr12:98493357:C/A:1	chr12	98493357	C|A	1	LINC02453	NR_038383	643770	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	74	None
chr12:98648251:A/T:1	chr12	98648251	A|T	1	APAF1	NM_001160	317	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	68	None
chr12:98648251:A/T:1	chr12	98648251	A|T	1	APAF1	NM_013229	317	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	68	None
chr12:98648251:A/T:1	chr12	98648251	A|T	1	APAF1	NM_181861	317	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	68	None
chr12:98648251:A/T:1	chr12	98648251	A|T	1	APAF1	NM_181868	317	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	68	None
chr12:98648251:A/T:1	chr12	98648251	A|T	1	APAF1	NM_181869	317	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	68	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352194	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352201	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001204066	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352203	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001204067	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001204068	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001204069	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001204070	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352185	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352186	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352187	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352188	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352189	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352190	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352191	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352192	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352193	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352195	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352196	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352197	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352198	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352199	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352200	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352202	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352204	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352205	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_001352206	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_020140	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_152788	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:99023513:C/A:1	chr12	99023513	C|A	1	ANKS1B	NM_181670	56899	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29644	None
chr12:100256418:C/G:1	chr12	100256418	C|G	1	DEPDC4	NM_001319311	120863	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	192	None
chr12:100256418:C/G:1	chr12	100256418	C|G	1	DEPDC4	NM_001319310	120863	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	192	None
chr12:100256418:C/G:1	chr12	100256418	C|G	1	DEPDC4	NM_001364818	120863	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	192	None
chr12:100256418:C/G:1	chr12	100256418	C|G	1	DEPDC4	NM_152317	120863	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	192	None
chr12:100256418:C/G:1	chr12	100256418	C|G	1	DEPDC4	NR_135073	120863	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	192	None
chr12:101281201:G/T:1	chr12	101281201	G|T	1	UTP20	NM_014503	27340	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5	None
chr12:105038287:C/A:1	chr12	105038287	C|A	1	ALDH1L2	NM_001034173	160428	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	85	None
chr12:105038287:C/A:1	chr12	105038287	C|A	1	ALDH1L2	NR_027752	160428	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	85	None
chr12:108907321:T/C:1	chr12	108907321	T|C	1	SVOP	NM_018711	55530	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr12:109796329:G/T:1	chr12	109796329	G|T	1	TRPV4	NM_001177428	59341	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	196	None
chr12:109796329:G/T:1	chr12	109796329	G|T	1	TRPV4	NM_001177431	59341	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	196	None
chr12:109796329:G/T:1	chr12	109796329	G|T	1	TRPV4	NM_021625	59341	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	196	None
chr12:109796329:G/T:1	chr12	109796329	G|T	1	TRPV4	NM_001177433	59341	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1842	None
chr12:109796329:G/T:1	chr12	109796329	G|T	1	TRPV4	NM_147204	59341	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1842	None
chr12:111235844:T/G:1	chr12	111235844	T|G	1	CUX2	NM_015267	23316	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17907	None
chr12:112194919:C/A:1	chr12	112194919	C|A	1	HECTD4	NM_001109662	283450	coding	9048	8745	2915	L>L	syn	None	MGSSAAAAAAAAAAADSAQWLSVKEETIFLHDGLIRVTDLAELPSEILGAPEAADTDLEILTFETKNPSELAERLRSVCGNQSNAYARLLEYRLNALRGLWNAQRQLALEEQHERESSGDEETLALLKRQGLLQQPEQAPFTSRMGLLLVFPLIQSQSRTDPSLCNITAEVLLNCLRDCQPLSLTKEPADCLNGIETLLCSWLEETSDTGRHIPHKQKENAAAALVALACARGSLKTFVHTVHLLQKQTDLGSLPVADVLYRLLLLEGGPGSPSCLLGGKHIVSWGYEDMLPAPDSNTGSSSENKDADLGRCLTADGLYLYTTNSVGRGVSKLGSGLHGTLRGFVYCRNEELEPGWVAFGSGSLLHRPVSFDNKPHSLFQVIDQNTLQVCQVVPMPANHLPIGSTMSTVHLSSDGTYFYWIWSPASLNEKTPKGHSVFMDIFELVVENGVFVANPLQERTILMRKEGESAKSINEMLLSRLSRYRASPSATLAALTGSTISNTLKEDQAANTSCGLPLKMLRKTPIYTCGTYLVMLVPPPGGSGSSATRSLFGGTSGLSSLKILASSLVYNISDGQFTSRADLIDAAGSSLGRGALVPGLGACYDTVNNMLWTCSNDYIDQWCNPGNQAFHYVCQRLGVSHIITEPKEEAITTNEVINQLLHHVGAMCIHQLNLLATNPNLPITSVLGKQHPIEAHHLSSICDIMEKAMVNGDTCIIRCILVVFQVVFKFFFSPQTERNRDIIRRSGLLLWQLLMAPKDQICPEIQKEVCLAISSGLNILYPGETEINNLLKLVLTEGERNSGLSQLRDVILTNLAEQLQNNRFGSDEDDHYRLNDELLHYILKIVVRESCILITKCQTVSKDDFQKLLSTVPAASSCLRYLMAVQNHLLSNTILIKPDENDDSDSSLQGETLKVQELKVSILALATQILTGCDEVLEMLQQVTTALINSDIADREQRLKGLEQVTKATMLGHLLPVLLTSLMHPNLQTLIMADALMPQLVQLVLYTSQTALLLKTQCPVFAEVGCSPCGAPDQKCRLFPDERMLEEKEEPGFLTGLKIPAPWAAGKTVETVHPVRDNYKFKETVHIPGARCLYLRFDSRCSSQYDYDKLVIYAGPNTNSRKVAEYGGNTLGYGSRSVLGTGWPKDLVKCISPPSLNFKVEGDTVTFSFEMRSGREHNTPDKAMWGFACTVRAQESSEDVSGGLPFLVDLALGLSVLACSMLRILYNGPEITKEEEACQELLRSKLLQRCQWQVEANGVISPALTPSPSPLPLTIEEDREFTYPSDVLVPPVGNYFDLPRIRLPPGIMIKLREISGRARPQFRPSIKEVIQPDVMEEMVVSCVIKHLNLVDALQSLINFQYQEEHAEEYDLLCKIMGETFKKLNAMERQLQSVAELEQKWQSEVDDAMQGKLENNMPFFYDYHFNENKMKELELLCSMKEVSFDGNDLENMVLSLREKFLQEVNSLIQKPSHPLAKTKTLVKSLMNRAELLLHVTIAAQSGLTRSISGTPAETPACKSASETKVISHAVRQPVFLRSMSAPSDLEMIGNEDLEFTRANQRRRHVTSHRSSSFTLLQSLAIEDSRDKPTYSVLLGQLFAFIGTNPDQAVSSSSFLLAAQTRWRRGNTRKQALVHMRELLTAAVRVGGVTHLVGPVTMVLQGGPRIEELTCGGMVEQVQEAFGETMTSVVSLCARYPIACANSIGLLCTIPYTRSEEKCLVRSGLVQLMDRLCSLSNQTESSSSEKQTKKQKVATMAWAAFQVLANRCVEWEKEEGGSTEAVHSGLARQVSSLLTNHLARATECCGNQAAGNDALQDVLSLLNDLSRSHIGKAILSQPACVSKLLSLLLDQRPSPKLVLIILQLCRAALPLMSVEDCGNVELPPWSYSVPSLNSEQEDPSDPASKIASLLLAKLADYVVPGCQTVLSPTASEPDTTLTKTSPKNSLKGDKDPGEESEAVDGKLSIFIHKREDQSSHEVLQPLLSSSEGRPFRLGTGANMEKVVKMDRDMTKGGCCEVITEEAAAALRKATKWAQSGLIVSIGPPVESINPETVSGLSTGDKKKTAQTSICRERNSELARTDPVRPFISGHVANSMAAEVIALLHSLLMAPESNAAQIWTTTAEKVLSRALMYIPQLGKYAESILENGSSSGRKLAKLQRIARQAVAALCALGGFKETIKIGSEVQVLGRGISGSIGVVASINEQEGIATVRFPPIDCRKTSQASDTLTIPLSRLCVPRSEALPLHKLSITEKVVQAVQSMLLPQEGSLSIHTSLPATGDGSAPVMAVVRLLAEIRTRACLVMAQLLEDSLFCEEFIQQCPAAVEVLNLVAQECSAGERLAVVEVQCERLRMLYRDCARPPPPPLQADRRQPKEITWSPSRVFPPVRACMFSSHLTSVTFLADPSAGGGLPRGTFIYATSPLPVQAPSFYWEIEIVSYGDTDDDTGPIVSFGFTTEAEKRDGAWTNPVGTCLFHNNGRAVHYNGSSLLQWKSVRLDVTLSPGDVAGIGWERTEGTPPPPGQPAKGRVYFTYCGQRLSPYLEDVSGGMWPVVHIQKKNTKTRANFGSRPFAYAEGQAHRNAADLCTDLAEEISANFEALPFAMASDSDNDAGTSIASDPGTHGPPCRIAAVATAQQQYDSDTSCHYKVELSYENFITSGPDPHPPPIADDESDDDDDDDIPQEDHYALLVKAWETKVFPTIRRRFRNEAERKSGLDQIKGALQLGMVDIARQTVEFLYEENGGIPRDLYLPTIEDIKDEANKFTIDKVRKGLTVVTRSPDSNNVASSAVGTALPKFAIRGMLKTFGLHGVVLDVDSVNELVQVETYLRSEGVLVRYWYPIDMLERPPAGYRRTATNGLVTLDNTNLQIHRELLRCEAALARLYCRMALLNIFAPKLPHLFTRLFHIPAIRDITLEHLQLLSNQLLAPPLPDGTISSSSILLAQSLQHCIHSQNCSATDLFYQGNSQTVREWLNVAITRTLHQGEESLLELTKQICSFLQTAPEQFPSEEFPISESKVNMDVNFPGAAFVVVSCKESQSGFRKDSSLYKAPWARVLVYGLGHKVKRNGQLNLIEAACYPRDASPANTGLAPPPTADQYPSVVLSTDRVHIKLGVSPPPGAVLVLHSLPLEFPLAMAFAEQLLSWKSEDSEGKSEDEPDTIPTSVLLQVVELLGNFLWTTDMAACVKELVFHLLAELLRTVHTLEQRRHPAGLSSSIALQLNPCLAMLMALQSELHKLYDEETQNWVSGGACGGSGGAAAGDQGRFSTYFHALMEGCLAVAEVTLPTNMSVTASGVTSATAPNLSDSSSSSSSSPGQTPQSPSLLSKRKKVKMKREKASSSGKRQSSRTVDSDPTVLSIGGSKPEDMLWFHRALTLLIILRHLTRKDPQGLGVTSDAIADACQALVGPTAHSRLLVISGIPTHLDEGVVRGAIRKACNAHGGVFKDEIYIPLQEEDTKKPKDKAEGGDGKVEPEKTLAFPGTDSMEVSTSSSLTPAMSISASASTSQASICSSQGISQTVSDLSVDPLPAGLELPIPPGLLEPHAVSSQESLDISLCSTGSLGSLGSLGEPLDNAETASVSDMGSMYTVTSLDNQPLAARPIKGFAVVEIRSRAKIEKIRASLFNNNDLIGLSSLDGEDELMEMSTEEILTVSVVNQSLFDTQGSPGLEDYFNDKSIKGEKLVPGAREVLTEIFKSCAHSEQTLSLTPAKPIRVSDIYLSKEQINSQTPGNLLHLFFTNVRPPKKVLEDQLTQILRKYGVPKPKFDKSKYSKAGKEQHPVKVVSTKRPITKPPAKDKAVLNSVSRTALSEKKPTVKPKSPEKSKPDEKDPEKSPTKKQEVPEEKYLTLEGFHKFVIDRARQDIRSVWRAILSCGYDLHFERCACIDVRHAQKASRKWTLEMDVALVQYINQLCRHLAITPARLHPHEVYLDPADAADPRVACLLNVPIESLRLRFALLQSLNTTLETFFLPLVELRQTPMYTHSIAALLKEAKGLIFYDTKVTVMNRVLNATVQRTADHAAPEITLDPLEIVGGEIRASENSYFCQAARQLASVPSSQLCVKLASGGDPTYAFNIRFTGEEVHGTSGSFRHFLWQVCKELQSSSLSLLLLCPSSAVNKNKGKYILTPSPITYGEEQLLHFLGQLLGIAIRADVPLPLDLLPSFWKTLVGEPLDPEQDLQEADILTYNYVKKFESINDETELEALCAEIASQHLATESPDSPNKPCCRFTYLTMTGEEVELCSRGRHILVAWENKDIYAAAIRSLRLRELQNVECVTAVRAGLGSIIPLQLLTMLSPLEMELRTCGLPYINLEFLKAHTMYQVGLMETDQHIEFFWGALEMFTQEELCKFIKFACNQERIPFTCPCKDGGPDTAHVPPYPMKIAPPDGTAGSPDSRYIRVETCMFMIKLPQYSSLEIMLEKLRCAIHYREDPLSG*
chr12:112489105:A/T:1	chr12	112489105	A|T	1	PTPN11	NM_001330437	5781	coding	1755	1541	514	Q>L	nonsyn	None	MTSRRWFHPNITGVEAENLLLTRGVDGSFLARPSKSNPGDFTLSVRRNGAVTHIKIQNTGDYYDLYGGEKFATLAELVQYYMEHHGQLKEKNGDVIELKYPLNCADPTSERWFHGHLSGKEAEKLLTEKGKHGSFLVRESQSHPGDFVLSVRTGDDKGESNDGKSKVTHVMIRCQELKYDVGGGERFDSLTDLVEHYKKNPMVETLGTVLQLKQPLNTTRINAAEIESRVRELSKLAETTDKVKQGFWEEFETLQQQECKLLYSRKEGQRQENKNKNRYKNILPFDHTRVVLHDGDPNEPVSDYINANIIMPEFETKCNNSKPKKSYIATQGCLQNTVNDFWRMVFQENSRVIVMTTKEVERGKSKCVKYWPDEYALKEYGVMRVRNVKESAAHDYTLRELKLSKVGQALLQGNTERTVWQYHFRTWPDHGVPSDPGGVLDFLEEVHHKQESIMDAGPVVVHCSAGIGRTGTFIVIDILIDIIREKGVDCDIDVPKTIQMVRSQRSGMVQTEAQYRFIYMAVQHYIETLQRRIEEEQKSKRKGHEYTNIKYSLADQTSGDQSPLPPCTPTPPCAEMREDSARVYENVGLMQQQKSFR*|MTSRRWFHPNITGVEAENLLLTRGVDGSFLARPSKSNPGDFTLSVRRNGAVTHIKIQNTGDYYDLYGGEKFATLAELVQYYMEHHGQLKEKNGDVIELKYPLNCADPTSERWFHGHLSGKEAEKLLTEKGKHGSFLVRESQSHPGDFVLSVRTGDDKGESNDGKSKVTHVMIRCQELKYDVGGGERFDSLTDLVEHYKKNPMVETLGTVLQLKQPLNTTRINAAEIESRVRELSKLAETTDKVKQGFWEEFETLQQQECKLLYSRKEGQRQENKNKNRYKNILPFDHTRVVLHDGDPNEPVSDYINANIIMPEFETKCNNSKPKKSYIATQGCLQNTVNDFWRMVFQENSRVIVMTTKEVERGKSKCVKYWPDEYALKEYGVMRVRNVKESAAHDYTLRELKLSKVGQALLQGNTERTVWQYHFRTWPDHGVPSDPGGVLDFLEEVHHKQESIMDAGPVVVHCSAGIGRTGTFIVIDILIDIIREKGVDCDIDVPKTIQMVRSQRSGMVQTEALYRFIYMAVQHYIETLQRRIEEEQKSKRKGHEYTNIKYSLADQTSGDQSPLPPCTPTPPCAEMREDSARVYENVGLMQQQKSFR*
chr12:112489105:A/T:1	chr12	112489105	A|T	1	PTPN11	NM_002834	5781	coding	1743	1529	510	Q>L	nonsyn	None	MTSRRWFHPNITGVEAENLLLTRGVDGSFLARPSKSNPGDFTLSVRRNGAVTHIKIQNTGDYYDLYGGEKFATLAELVQYYMEHHGQLKEKNGDVIELKYPLNCADPTSERWFHGHLSGKEAEKLLTEKGKHGSFLVRESQSHPGDFVLSVRTGDDKGESNDGKSKVTHVMIRCQELKYDVGGGERFDSLTDLVEHYKKNPMVETLGTVLQLKQPLNTTRINAAEIESRVRELSKLAETTDKVKQGFWEEFETLQQQECKLLYSRKEGQRQENKNKNRYKNILPFDHTRVVLHDGDPNEPVSDYINANIIMPEFETKCNNSKPKKSYIATQGCLQNTVNDFWRMVFQENSRVIVMTTKEVERGKSKCVKYWPDEYALKEYGVMRVRNVKESAAHDYTLRELKLSKVGQGNTERTVWQYHFRTWPDHGVPSDPGGVLDFLEEVHHKQESIMDAGPVVVHCSAGIGRTGTFIVIDILIDIIREKGVDCDIDVPKTIQMVRSQRSGMVQTEAQYRFIYMAVQHYIETLQRRIEEEQKSKRKGHEYTNIKYSLADQTSGDQSPLPPCTPTPPCAEMREDSARVYENVGLMQQQKSFR*|MTSRRWFHPNITGVEAENLLLTRGVDGSFLARPSKSNPGDFTLSVRRNGAVTHIKIQNTGDYYDLYGGEKFATLAELVQYYMEHHGQLKEKNGDVIELKYPLNCADPTSERWFHGHLSGKEAEKLLTEKGKHGSFLVRESQSHPGDFVLSVRTGDDKGESNDGKSKVTHVMIRCQELKYDVGGGERFDSLTDLVEHYKKNPMVETLGTVLQLKQPLNTTRINAAEIESRVRELSKLAETTDKVKQGFWEEFETLQQQECKLLYSRKEGQRQENKNKNRYKNILPFDHTRVVLHDGDPNEPVSDYINANIIMPEFETKCNNSKPKKSYIATQGCLQNTVNDFWRMVFQENSRVIVMTTKEVERGKSKCVKYWPDEYALKEYGVMRVRNVKESAAHDYTLRELKLSKVGQGNTERTVWQYHFRTWPDHGVPSDPGGVLDFLEEVHHKQESIMDAGPVVVHCSAGIGRTGTFIVIDILIDIIREKGVDCDIDVPKTIQMVRSQRSGMVQTEALYRFIYMAVQHYIETLQRRIEEEQKSKRKGHEYTNIKYSLADQTSGDQSPLPPCTPTPPCAEMREDSARVYENVGLMQQQKSFR*
chr12:113100514:A/G:1	chr12	113100514	A|G	1	RASAL1	NM_001193520	8437	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	114	None
chr12:113100514:A/G:1	chr12	113100514	A|G	1	RASAL1	NM_001193521	8437	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	114	None
chr12:113100514:A/G:1	chr12	113100514	A|G	1	RASAL1	NM_001301202	8437	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	114	None
chr12:113100514:A/G:1	chr12	113100514	A|G	1	RASAL1	NM_004658	8437	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	114	None
chr12:113118892:G/T:1	chr12	113118892	G|T	1	RASAL1	NM_001193520	8437	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	236	None
chr12:113118892:G/T:1	chr12	113118892	G|T	1	RASAL1	NM_001193521	8437	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	236	None
chr12:113118892:G/T:1	chr12	113118892	G|T	1	RASAL1	NM_001301202	8437	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	236	None
chr12:113118892:G/T:1	chr12	113118892	G|T	1	RASAL1	NM_004658	8437	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	236	None
chr12:113277113:G/C:1	chr12	113277113	G|C	1	TPCN1	NM_001143819	53373	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	78	None
chr12:113277113:G/C:1	chr12	113277113	G|C	1	TPCN1	NM_001301214	53373	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	78	None
chr12:113277113:G/C:1	chr12	113277113	G|C	1	TPCN1	NM_001351346	53373	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	78	None
chr12:113277113:G/C:1	chr12	113277113	G|C	1	TPCN1	NM_001351347	53373	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	78	None
chr12:113277113:G/C:1	chr12	113277113	G|C	1	TPCN1	NM_017901	53373	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	78	None
chr12:115986913:T/C:1	chr12	115986913	T|C	1	MED13L	NM_015335	23389	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	196	None
chr12:117174552:T/C:1	chr12	117174552	T|C	1	FBXO21	NM_015002	23014	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	99	None
chr12:117174552:T/C:1	chr12	117174552	T|C	1	FBXO21	NM_033624	23014	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	99	None
chr12:119796589:G/T:1	chr12	119796589	G|T	1	CIT	NM_001206999	11113	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6617	None
chr12:119796589:G/T:1	chr12	119796589	G|T	1	CIT	NM_007174	11113	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6617	None
chr12:120978908:G/T:1	chr12	120978908	G|T	1	HNF1A	NM_000545	6927	coding	341	140	47	G>V	nonsyn	None	MVSKLSQLQTELLAALLESGLSKEALIQALGEPGPYLLAGEGPLDKGESCGGGRGELAELPNGLGETRGSEDETDDDGEDFTPPILKELENLSPEEAAHQKAVVETLLQEDPWRVAKMVKSYLQQHNIPQREVVDTTGLNQSHLSQHLNKGTPMKTQKRAALYTWYVRKQREVAQQFTHAGQGGLIEEPTGDELPTKKGRRNRFKWGPASQQILFQAYERQKNPSKEERETLVEECNRAECIQRGVSPSQAQGLGSNLVTEVRVYNWFANRRKEEAFRHKLAMDTYSGPPPGPGPGPALPAHSSPGLPPPALSPSKVHGVRYGQPATSETAEVPSSSGGPLVTVSTPLHQVSPTGLEPSHSLLSTEAKLVSAAGGPLPPVSTLTALHSLEQTSPGLNQQPQNLIMASLPGVMTIGPGEPASLGPTFTNTGASTLVIGLASTQAQSVPVINSMGSSLTTLQPVQFSQPLHPSYQQPLMPPVQSHVTQSPFMATMAQLQSPHALYSHKPEVAQYTHTGLLPQTMLITDTTNLSALASLTPTKQVFTSDTEASSESGLHTPASQATTLHVPSQDPASIQHLQPAHRLSASPTVSSSSLVLYQSSDSSNGQSHLLPSNHSVIETFISTQMASSSQ*|MVSKLSQLQTELLAALLESGLSKEALIQALGEPGPYLLAGEGPLDKVESCGGGRGELAELPNGLGETRGSEDETDDDGEDFTPPILKELENLSPEEAAHQKAVVETLLQEDPWRVAKMVKSYLQQHNIPQREVVDTTGLNQSHLSQHLNKGTPMKTQKRAALYTWYVRKQREVAQQFTHAGQGGLIEEPTGDELPTKKGRRNRFKWGPASQQILFQAYERQKNPSKEERETLVEECNRAECIQRGVSPSQAQGLGSNLVTEVRVYNWFANRRKEEAFRHKLAMDTYSGPPPGPGPGPALPAHSSPGLPPPALSPSKVHGVRYGQPATSETAEVPSSSGGPLVTVSTPLHQVSPTGLEPSHSLLSTEAKLVSAAGGPLPPVSTLTALHSLEQTSPGLNQQPQNLIMASLPGVMTIGPGEPASLGPTFTNTGASTLVIGLASTQAQSVPVINSMGSSLTTLQPVQFSQPLHPSYQQPLMPPVQSHVTQSPFMATMAQLQSPHALYSHKPEVAQYTHTGLLPQTMLITDTTNLSALASLTPTKQVFTSDTEASSESGLHTPASQATTLHVPSQDPASIQHLQPAHRLSASPTVSSSSLVLYQSSDSSNGQSHLLPSNHSVIETFISTQMASSSQ*
chr12:120978908:G/T:1	chr12	120978908	G|T	1	HNF1A	NM_001306179	6927	coding	341	140	47	G>V	nonsyn	None	MVSKLSQLQTELLAALLESGLSKEALIQALGEPGPYLLAGEGPLDKGESCGGGRGELAELPNGLGETRGSEDETDDDGEDFTPPILKELENLSPEEAAHQKAVVETLLQEDPWRVAKMVKSYLQQHNIPQREVVDTTGLNQSHLSQHLNKGTPMKTQKRAALYTWYVRKQREVAQQFTHAGQGGLIEEPTGDELPTKKGRRNRFKWGPASQQILFQAYERQKNPSKEERETLVEECNRAECIQRGVSPSQAQGLGSNLVTEVRVYNWFANRRKEEAFRHKLAMDTYSGPPPGPGPGPALPAHSSPGLPPPALSPSKVHGVRYGQPATSETAEVPSSSGGPLVTVSTPLHQVSPTGLEPSHSLLSTEAKLVSAAGGPLPPVSTLTALHSLEQTSPGLNQQPQNLIMASLPGVMTIGPGEPASLGPTFTNTGASTLVIGLASTQAQSVPVINSMGSSLTTLQPVQFSQPLHPSYQQPLMPPVQSHVTQSPFMATMAQLQSPHALYSHKPEVAQYTHTGLLPQTMLITDTTNLSALASLTPTKQEAALLPQVFTSDTEASSESGLHTPASQATTLHVPSQDPASIQHLQPAHRLSASPTVSSSSLVLYQSSDSSNGQSHLLPSNHSVIETFISTQMASSSQ*|MVSKLSQLQTELLAALLESGLSKEALIQALGEPGPYLLAGEGPLDKVESCGGGRGELAELPNGLGETRGSEDETDDDGEDFTPPILKELENLSPEEAAHQKAVVETLLQEDPWRVAKMVKSYLQQHNIPQREVVDTTGLNQSHLSQHLNKGTPMKTQKRAALYTWYVRKQREVAQQFTHAGQGGLIEEPTGDELPTKKGRRNRFKWGPASQQILFQAYERQKNPSKEERETLVEECNRAECIQRGVSPSQAQGLGSNLVTEVRVYNWFANRRKEEAFRHKLAMDTYSGPPPGPGPGPALPAHSSPGLPPPALSPSKVHGVRYGQPATSETAEVPSSSGGPLVTVSTPLHQVSPTGLEPSHSLLSTEAKLVSAAGGPLPPVSTLTALHSLEQTSPGLNQQPQNLIMASLPGVMTIGPGEPASLGPTFTNTGASTLVIGLASTQAQSVPVINSMGSSLTTLQPVQFSQPLHPSYQQPLMPPVQSHVTQSPFMATMAQLQSPHALYSHKPEVAQYTHTGLLPQTMLITDTTNLSALASLTPTKQEAALLPQVFTSDTEASSESGLHTPASQATTLHVPSQDPASIQHLQPAHRLSASPTVSSSSLVLYQSSDSSNGQSHLLPSNHSVIETFISTQMASSSQ*
chr12:122341757:C/T:1	chr12	122341757	C|T	1	CLIP1	NM_001247997	6249	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chr12:122341757:C/T:1	chr12	122341757	C|T	1	CLIP1	NM_002956	6249	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chr12:122341757:C/T:1	chr12	122341757	C|T	1	CLIP1	NM_198240	6249	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chr12:132643245:T/C:1	chr12	132643245	T|C	1	POLE	NM_006231	5426	coding	4739	4530	1510	A>A	syn	None	MSLRSGGRRRADPGADGEASRDDGATSSVSALKRLERSQWTDKMDLRFGFERLKEPGEKTGWLINMHPTEILDEDKRLGSAVDYYFIQDDGSRFKVALPYKPYFYIATRKGCEREVSSFLSKKFQGKIAKVETVPKEDLDLPNHLVGLKRNYIRLSFHTVEDLVKVRKEISPAVKKNREQDHASDAYTALLSSVLQRGGVITDEEETSKKIADQLDNIVDMREYDVPYHIRLSIDLKIHVAHWYNVRYRGNAFPVEITRRDDLVERPDPVVLAFDIETTKLPLKFPDAETDQIMMISYMIDGQGYLITNREIVSEDIEDFEFTPKPEYEGPFCVFNEPDEAHLIQRWFEHVQETKPTIMVTYNGDFFDWPFVEARAAVHGLSMQQEIGFQKDSQGEYKAPQCIHMDCLRWVKRDSYLPVGSHNLKAAAKAKLGYDPVELDPEDMCRMATEQPQTLATYSVSDAVATYYLYMKYVHPFIFALCTIIPMEPDEVLRKGSGTLCEALLMVQAFHANIIFPNKQEQEFNKLTDDGHVLDSETYVGGHVEALESGVFRSDIPCRFRMNPAAFDFLLQRVEKTLRHALEEEEKVPVEQVTNFEEVCDEIKSKLASLKDVPSRIECPLIYHLDVGAMYPNIILTNRLQPSAMVDEATCAACDFNKPGANCQRKMAWQWRGEFMPASRSEYHRIQHQLESEKFPPLFPEGPARAFHELSREEQAKYEKRRLADYCRKAYKKIHITKVEERLTTICQRENSFYVDTVRAFRDRRYEFKGLHKVWKKKLSAAVEVGDAAEVKRCKNMEVLYDSLQLAHKCILNSFYGYVMRKGARWYSMEMAGIVCFTGANIITQARELIEQIGRPLELDTDGIWCVLPNSFPENFVFKTTNVKKPKVTISYPGAMLNIMVKEGFTNDQYQELAEPSSLTYVTRSENSIFFEVDGPYLAMILPASKEEGKKLKKRYAVFNEDGSLAELKGFEVKRRGELQLIKIFQSSVFEAFLKGSTLEEVYGSVAKVADYWLDVLYSKAANMPDSELFELISENRSMSRKLEDYGEQKSTSISTAKRLAEFLGDQMVKDAGLSCRYIISRKPEGSPVTERAIPLAIFQAEPTVRKHFLRKWLKSSSLQDFDIRAILDWDYYIERLGSAIQKIITIPAALQQVKNPVPRVKHPDWLHKKLLEKNDVYKQKKISELFTLEGRRQVTMAEASEDSPRPSAPDMEDFGLVKLPHPAAPVTVKRKRVLWESQEESQDLTPTVPWQEILGQPPALGTSQEEWLVWLRFHKKKWQLQARQRLARRKRQRLESAEGVLRPGAIRDGPATGLGSFLRRTARSILDLPWQIVQISETSQAGLFRLWALVGSDLHCIRLSIPRVFYVNQRVAKAEEGASYRKVNRVLPRSNMVYNLYEYSVPEDMYQEHINEINAELSAPDIEGVYETQVPLLFRALVHLGCVCVVNKQLVRHLSGWEAETFALEHLEMRSLAQFSYLEPGSIRHIYLYHHAQAHKALFGIFIPSQRRASVFVLDTVRSNQMPSLGALYSAEHGLLLEKVGPELLPPPKHTFEVRAETDLKTICRAIQRFLLAYKEERRGPTLIAVQSSWELKRLASEIPVLEEFPLVPICVADKINYGVLDWQRHGARRMIRHYLNLDTCLSQAFEMSRYFHIPIGNLPEDISTFGSDLFFARHLQRHNHLLWLSPTARPDLGGKEADDNCLVMEFDDQATVEINSSGCYSTVCVELDLQNLAVNTILQSHHVNDMEGADSMGISFDVIQQASLEDMITGGQAASAPASYDETALCSNTFRILKSMVVGWVKEITQYHNIYADNQVMHFYRWLRSPSSLLHDPALHRTLHNMMKKLFLQLIAEFKRLGSSVIYANFNRIILCTKKRRVEDAIAYVEYITSSIHSKETFHSLTISFSRCWEFLLWMDPSNYGGIKGKVSSRIHCGLQDSQKAGGAEDEQENEDDEEERDGEEEEEAEESNVEDLLENNWNILQFLPQAASCQNYFLMIVSAYIVAVYHCMKDGLRRSAPGSTPVRRRGASQLSQEAEGAVGALPGMITFSQDYVANELTQSFFTITQKIQKKVTGSRNSTELSEMFPVLPGSHLLLNNPALEFIKYVCKVLSLDTNITNQVNKLNRDLLRLVDVGEFSEEAQFRDPCRSYVLPEVICRSCNFCRDLDLCKDSSFSEDGAVLPQWLCSNCQAPYDSSAIEMTLVEVLQKKLMAFTLQDLVCLKCRGVKETSMPVYCSCAGDFALTIHTQVFMEQIGIFRNIAQHYGMSYLLETLEWLLQKNPQLGH*
chr12:132872141:C/A:1	chr12	132872141	C|A	1	CHFR	NM_001161347	55743	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr12:132872141:C/A:1	chr12	132872141	C|A	1	CHFR	NM_001161344	55743	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr12:132872141:C/A:1	chr12	132872141	C|A	1	CHFR	NM_001161345	55743	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr12:132872141:C/A:1	chr12	132872141	C|A	1	CHFR	NM_001161346	55743	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr12:132872141:C/A:1	chr12	132872141	C|A	1	CHFR	NM_018223	55743	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr13:24802283:G/A:1	chr13	24802283	G|A	1	RNF17	NM_001184993	56163	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	98	None
chr13:24802283:G/A:1	chr13	24802283	G|A	1	RNF17	NM_031277	56163	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	98	None
chr13:25171058:C/A:1	chr13	25171058	C|A	1	AMER2	NM_152704	219287	coding	1226	562	188	G>C	nonsyn	None	METSRSRGGGGAVSERGGAGASVGVCRRKAEAGAGTGTLAADMDLHCDCAAETPAAEPPSGKINKAAFKLFKKRKSGGTMPSIFGVKNKGDGKSSGPTGLVRSRTHDGLAEVLVLESGRKEEPRGGGDSGGGGGGRPNPGPPRAAGPGGGSLASSSVAKSHSFFSLLKKNGRSENGKGEPVDASKAGGKQKRGLRGLFSGMRWHRKDKRAKAEAAEGRAPGGGLILPGSLTASLECVKEETPRAAREPEEPSQDAPRDPAGEPAGGEEVPAPADRAPARSCREAEGLAHPGDTGARGEDAAGHRRAEPGPGEVRTAEDASRTGAVPVKTVPLVDSEGGSGRAPAAPDPASVDPPSDPSADRICLMFSDVTSLKSFDSLTGCGDIIADQEEEAGPSCDKHVPGPGKPALSKKNPGVVAYQGGGEEMASPDEVDDTYLQEFWDMLSQTEEQGPEPQEGAAKVAAALETKVVPETPKDTRCVEAAKDASSVKRRRLNRIPIEPHPKEEPKHPEKEQQEGVPNSDEGYWDSTTPGPEEDSSSSGKKAGIPRDSYSGDALYDLYADPDGSPATLPGGKDNEETSSLSRLKPVSPGTITCPLRTPGSLLKDSKIPISIKHLTNLPSSHPVVHQQPSRSEMPRTKIPVSKVLVRRVSNRGLAGTTIRATACHDSAKKL*|METSRSRGGGGAVSERGGAGASVGVCRRKAEAGAGTGTLAADMDLHCDCAAETPAAEPPSGKINKAAFKLFKKRKSGGTMPSIFGVKNKGDGKSSGPTGLVRSRTHDGLAEVLVLESGRKEEPRGGGDSGGGGGGRPNPGPPRAAGPGGGSLASSSVAKSHSFFSLLKKNGRSENGKGEPVDASKAGCKQKRGLRGLFSGMRWHRKDKRAKAEAAEGRAPGGGLILPGSLTASLECVKEETPRAAREPEEPSQDAPRDPAGEPAGGEEVPAPADRAPARSCREAEGLAHPGDTGARGEDAAGHRRAEPGPGEVRTAEDASRTGAVPVKTVPLVDSEGGSGRAPAAPDPASVDPPSDPSADRICLMFSDVTSLKSFDSLTGCGDIIADQEEEAGPSCDKHVPGPGKPALSKKNPGVVAYQGGGEEMASPDEVDDTYLQEFWDMLSQTEEQGPEPQEGAAKVAAALETKVVPETPKDTRCVEAAKDASSVKRRRLNRIPIEPHPKEEPKHPEKEQQEGVPNSDEGYWDSTTPGPEEDSSSSGKKAGIPRDSYSGDALYDLYADPDGSPATLPGGKDNEETSSLSRLKPVSPGTITCPLRTPGSLLKDSKIPISIKHLTNLPSSHPVVHQQPSRSEMPRTKIPVSKVLVRRVSNRGLAGTTIRATACHDSAKKL*
chr13:25171058:C/A:1	chr13	25171058	C|A	1	LINC00463	NR_120428	101928922	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr13:25171058:C/A:1	chr13	25171058	C|A	1	AMER2	NM_199138	219287	coding	917	562	188	G>C	nonsyn	None	METSRSRGGGGAVSERGGAGASVGVCRRKAEAGAGTGTLAADMDLHCDCAAETPAAEPPSGKINKAAFKLFKKRKSGGTMPSIFGVKNKGDGKSSGPTGLVRSRTHDGLAEVLVLESGRKEEPRGGGDSGGGGGGRPNPGPPRAAGPGGGSLASSSVAKSHSFFSLLKKNGRSENGKGEPVDASKAGGKQKRGLRGLFSGMRWHRKDKRAKAEAAEGRAPGGGLILPGSLTASLECVKEETPRAAREPEEPSQDAPRDPAGCGDIIADQEEEAGPSCDKHVPGPGKPALSKKNPGVVAYQGGGEEMASPDEVDDTYLQEFWDMLSQTEEQGPEPQEGAAKVAAALETKVVPETPKDTRCVEAAKDASSVKRRRLNRIPIEPHPKEEPKHPEKEQQEGVPNSDEGYWDSTTPGPEEDSSSSGKKAGIPRDSYSGDALYDLYADPDGSPATLPGGKDNEETSSLSRLKPVSPGTITCPLRTPGSLLKDSKIPISIKHLTNLPSSHPVVHQQPSRSEMPRTKIPVSKVLVRRVSNRGLAGTTIRATACHDSAKKL*|METSRSRGGGGAVSERGGAGASVGVCRRKAEAGAGTGTLAADMDLHCDCAAETPAAEPPSGKINKAAFKLFKKRKSGGTMPSIFGVKNKGDGKSSGPTGLVRSRTHDGLAEVLVLESGRKEEPRGGGDSGGGGGGRPNPGPPRAAGPGGGSLASSSVAKSHSFFSLLKKNGRSENGKGEPVDASKAGCKQKRGLRGLFSGMRWHRKDKRAKAEAAEGRAPGGGLILPGSLTASLECVKEETPRAAREPEEPSQDAPRDPAGCGDIIADQEEEAGPSCDKHVPGPGKPALSKKNPGVVAYQGGGEEMASPDEVDDTYLQEFWDMLSQTEEQGPEPQEGAAKVAAALETKVVPETPKDTRCVEAAKDASSVKRRRLNRIPIEPHPKEEPKHPEKEQQEGVPNSDEGYWDSTTPGPEEDSSSSGKKAGIPRDSYSGDALYDLYADPDGSPATLPGGKDNEETSSLSRLKPVSPGTITCPLRTPGSLLKDSKIPISIKHLTNLPSSHPVVHQQPSRSEMPRTKIPVSKVLVRRVSNRGLAGTTIRATACHDSAKKL*
chr13:27920403:C/A:1	chr13	27920403	C|A	1	PDX1	NM_000209	3651	coding	404	265	89	Q>K	nonsyn	None	MNGEEQYYAATQLYKDPCAFQRGPAPEFSASPPACLYMGRQPPPPPPHPFPGALGALEQGSPPDISPYEVPPLADDPAVAHLHHHLPAQLALPHPPAGPFPEGAEPGVLEEPNRVQLPFPWMKSTKAHAWKGQWAGGAYAAEPEENKRTRTAYTRAQLLELEKEFLFNKYISRPRRVELAVMLNLTERHIKIWFQNRRMKWKKEEDKKRGGGTAVGGGGVAEPEQDCAVTSGEELLALPPPPPPGGAVPPAAPVAAREGRLPPGLSASPQPSSVAPRRPQEPR*|MNGEEQYYAATQLYKDPCAFQRGPAPEFSASPPACLYMGRQPPPPPPHPFPGALGALEQGSPPDISPYEVPPLADDPAVAHLHHHLPAKLALPHPPAGPFPEGAEPGVLEEPNRVQLPFPWMKSTKAHAWKGQWAGGAYAAEPEENKRTRTAYTRAQLLELEKEFLFNKYISRPRRVELAVMLNLTERHIKIWFQNRRMKWKKEEDKKRGGGTAVGGGGVAEPEQDCAVTSGEELLALPPPPPPGGAVPPAAPVAAREGRLPPGLSASPQPSSVAPRRPQEPR*
chr13:51941000:A/T:1	chr13	51941000	A|T	1	ATP7B	NM_000053	540	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr13:51941000:A/T:1	chr13	51941000	A|T	1	ATP7B	NM_001005918	540	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr13:51941000:A/T:1	chr13	51941000	A|T	1	ATP7B	NM_001243182	540	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr13:51941000:A/T:1	chr13	51941000	A|T	1	ATP7B	NM_001330578	540	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr13:51941000:A/T:1	chr13	51941000	A|T	1	ATP7B	NM_001330579	540	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr13:75528022:C/T:1	chr13	75528022	C|T	1	COMMD6	NM_001287392	170622	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1383	None
chr13:75528022:C/T:1	chr13	75528022	C|T	1	COMMD6	NM_001287393	170622	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1383	None
chr13:75528022:C/T:1	chr13	75528022	C|T	1	COMMD6	NM_001287394	170622	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1383	None
chr13:75528022:C/T:1	chr13	75528022	C|T	1	COMMD6	NM_203495	170622	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1383	None
chr13:75528022:C/T:1	chr13	75528022	C|T	1	COMMD6	NM_203497	170622	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	171	None
chr13:78601815:G/T:1	chr13	78601815	G|T	1	RNF219-AS1	NR_047001	100874222	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3486	None
chr13:78601815:G/T:1	chr13	78601815	G|T	1	POU4F1	NM_006237	5457	coding	1086	860	287	A>D	nonsyn	None	MMSMNSKQPHFAMHPTLPEHKYPSLHSSSEAIRRACLPTPPLQSNLFASLDETLLARAEALAAVDIAVSQGKSHPFKPDATYHTMNSVPCTSTSTVPLAHHHHHHHHHQALEPGDLLDHISSPSLALMAGAGGAGAAAGGGGAHDGPGGGGGPGGGGGPGGGPGGGGGGGPGGGGGGPGGGLLGGSAHPHPHMHSLGHLSHPAAAAAMNMPSGLPHPGLVAAAAHHGAAAAAAAAAAGQVAAASAAAAVVGAAGLASICDSDTDPRELEAFAERFKQRRIKLGVTQADVGSALANLKIPGVGSLSQSTICRFESLTLSHNNMIALKPILQAWLEEAEGAQREKMNKPELFNGGEKKRKRTSIAAPEKRSLEAYFAVQPRPSSEKIAAIAEKLDLKKNVVRVWFCNQRQKQKRMKFSATY*|MMSMNSKQPHFAMHPTLPEHKYPSLHSSSEAIRRACLPTPPLQSNLFASLDETLLARAEALAAVDIAVSQGKSHPFKPDATYHTMNSVPCTSTSTVPLAHHHHHHHHHQALEPGDLLDHISSPSLALMAGAGGAGAAAGGGGAHDGPGGGGGPGGGGGPGGGPGGGGGGGPGGGGGGPGGGLLGGSAHPHPHMHSLGHLSHPAAAAAMNMPSGLPHPGLVAAAAHHGAAAAAAAAAAGQVAAASAAAAVVGAAGLASICDSDTDPRELEAFAERFKQRRIKLGVTQDDVGSALANLKIPGVGSLSQSTICRFESLTLSHNNMIALKPILQAWLEEAEGAQREKMNKPELFNGGEKKRKRTSIAAPEKRSLEAYFAVQPRPSSEKIAAIAEKLDLKKNVVRVWFCNQRQKQKRMKFSATY*
chr13:94510912:C/A:1	chr13	94510912	C|A	1	DCT	NM_001322182	1638	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	38258	None
chr13:94510912:C/A:1	chr13	94510912	C|A	1	DCT	NM_001322185	1638	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	38258	None
chr13:94510912:C/A:1	chr13	94510912	C|A	1	DCT	NM_001322183	1638	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21482	None
chr13:94510912:C/A:1	chr13	94510912	C|A	1	DCT	NM_001322184	1638	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21482	None
chr13:94510912:C/A:1	chr13	94510912	C|A	1	DCT	NM_001322186	1638	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5293	None
chr13:100469233:C/A:1	chr13	100469233	C|A	1	PCCA	NM_001352605	5095	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43502	None
chr13:100469233:C/A:1	chr13	100469233	C|A	1	PCCA	NM_001352611	5095	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43502	None
chr13:100469233:C/A:1	chr13	100469233	C|A	1	PCCA	NM_001352609	5095	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19928	None
chr13:100469233:C/A:1	chr13	100469233	C|A	1	PCCA	NM_000282	5095	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19928	None
chr13:100469233:C/A:1	chr13	100469233	C|A	1	PCCA	NM_001127692	5095	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19928	None
chr13:100469233:C/A:1	chr13	100469233	C|A	1	PCCA	NM_001352606	5095	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19928	None
chr13:100469233:C/A:1	chr13	100469233	C|A	1	PCCA	NM_001352608	5095	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19928	None
chr13:100469233:C/A:1	chr13	100469233	C|A	1	PCCA	NM_001352610	5095	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19928	None
chr13:100469233:C/A:1	chr13	100469233	C|A	1	PCCA	NM_001352612	5095	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19928	None
chr13:100469233:C/A:1	chr13	100469233	C|A	1	PCCA	NR_148028	5095	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19928	None
chr13:100469233:C/A:1	chr13	100469233	C|A	1	PCCA	NR_148029	5095	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19928	None
chr13:100469233:C/A:1	chr13	100469233	C|A	1	PCCA	NR_148030	5095	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19928	None
chr13:100469233:C/A:1	chr13	100469233	C|A	1	PCCA	NR_148031	5095	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19928	None
chr13:100469233:C/A:1	chr13	100469233	C|A	1	PCCA	NM_001178004	5095	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19928	None
chr13:100469233:C/A:1	chr13	100469233	C|A	1	PCCA	NM_001352607	5095	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19928	None
chr13:100469233:C/A:1	chr13	100469233	C|A	1	PCCA	NR_148027	5095	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19928	None
chr13:100469233:C/A:1	chr13	100469233	C|A	1	PCCA-AS1	NR_047686	100885777	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3034	None
chr13:100539852:A/T:1	chr13	100539852	A|T	1	GGACT	NM_001195087	87769	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7251	None
chr13:110990134:C/A:1	chr13	110990134	C|A	1	LINC00431	NR_126378	104355135	non-coding	248	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr13:113046521:T/G:1	chr13	113046521	T|G	1	MCF2L	NM_001112732	23263	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1160	None
chr13:113046521:T/G:1	chr13	113046521	T|G	1	MCF2L	NM_001320815	23263	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1160	None
chr13:113046521:T/G:1	chr13	113046521	T|G	1	MCF2L	NM_001320816	23263	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1160	None
chr13:113046521:T/G:1	chr13	113046521	T|G	1	MCF2L	NM_001320817	23263	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1160	None
chr13:113046521:T/G:1	chr13	113046521	T|G	1	MCF2L	NM_001366644	23263	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1160	None
chr13:113046521:T/G:1	chr13	113046521	T|G	1	MCF2L	NM_001366645	23263	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1160	None
chr13:113046521:T/G:1	chr13	113046521	T|G	1	MCF2L	NM_001366646	23263	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1160	None
chr13:113046521:T/G:1	chr13	113046521	T|G	1	MCF2L	NM_024979	23263	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1160	None
chr14:22780250:C/A:1	chr14	22780250	C|A	1	SLC7A7	NM_001126105	9056	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	199	None
chr14:22780250:C/A:1	chr14	22780250	C|A	1	SLC7A7	NM_001126106	9056	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	199	None
chr14:22780250:C/A:1	chr14	22780250	C|A	1	SLC7A7	NR_040448	9056	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	199	None
chr14:24057761:C/A:1	chr14	24057761	C|A	1	CARMIL3	NM_138360	90668	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	42	None
chr14:35403479:G/T:1	chr14	35403479	G|T	1	NFKBIA	NM_020529	4792	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	119	None
chr14:38889221:T/A:1	chr14	38889221	T|A	1	LINC00639	NR_039982	283547	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1520	None
chr14:38889221:T/A:1	chr14	38889221	T|A	1	LOC105370457	NR_135256	105370457	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6581	None
chr14:39040609:C/A:1	chr14	39040609	C|A	1	SEC23A	NM_006364	10484	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	123	None
chr14:50630122:G/T:1	chr14	50630122	G|T	1	ATL1	NM_001127713	51062	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1660	None
chr14:50630122:G/T:1	chr14	50630122	G|T	1	ATL1	NM_181598	51062	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1660	None
chr14:50630122:G/T:1	chr14	50630122	G|T	1	ATL1	NM_015915	51062	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1613	None
chr14:54530870:A/T:1	chr14	54530870	A|T	1	CGRRF1	NM_006568	10668	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	33	None
chr14:55385868:G/A:1	chr14	55385868	G|A	1	ATG14	NM_014924	22863	coding	674	638	213	T>M	nonsyn	None	MASPSGKGARALEAPGCGPRPLARDLVDSVDDAEGLYVAVERCPLCNTTRRRLTCAKCVQSGDFVYFDGRDRERFIDKKERLSRLKSKQEEFQKEVLKAMEGKWITDQLRWKIMSCKMRIEQLKQTICKGNEEMEKNSEGLLKTKEKNQKLYSRAQRHQEKKEKIQRHNRKLGDLVEKKTIDLRSHYERLANLRRSHILELTSVIFPIEEVKTGVRDPADVSSESDSAMTSSTVSKLAEARRTTYLSGRWVCDDHNGDTSISITGPWISLPNNGDYSAYYSWVEEKKTTQGPDMEQSNPAYTISAALCYATQLVNILSHILDVNLPKKLCNSEFCGENLSKQKFTRAVKKLNANILYLCFSQHVNLDQLQPLHTLRNLMYLVSPSSEHLGRSGPFEVRADLEESMEFVDPGVAGESDESGDERVSDEETDLGTDWENLPSPRFCDIPSQSVEVSQSQSTQASPPIASSSAGGMISSAAASVTSWFKAYTGHR*|MASPSGKGARALEAPGCGPRPLARDLVDSVDDAEGLYVAVERCPLCNTTRRRLTCAKCVQSGDFVYFDGRDRERFIDKKERLSRLKSKQEEFQKEVLKAMEGKWITDQLRWKIMSCKMRIEQLKQTICKGNEEMEKNSEGLLKTKEKNQKLYSRAQRHQEKKEKIQRHNRKLGDLVEKKTIDLRSHYERLANLRRSHILELTSVIFPIEEVKMGVRDPADVSSESDSAMTSSTVSKLAEARRTTYLSGRWVCDDHNGDTSISITGPWISLPNNGDYSAYYSWVEEKKTTQGPDMEQSNPAYTISAALCYATQLVNILSHILDVNLPKKLCNSEFCGENLSKQKFTRAVKKLNANILYLCFSQHVNLDQLQPLHTLRNLMYLVSPSSEHLGRSGPFEVRADLEESMEFVDPGVAGESDESGDERVSDEETDLGTDWENLPSPRFCDIPSQSVEVSQSQSTQASPPIASSSAGGMISSAAASVTSWFKAYTGHR*
chr14:58285579:G/T:1	chr14	58285579	G|T	1	PSMA3-AS1	NR_029434	379025	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	12	None
chr14:58285579:G/T:1	chr14	58285579	G|T	1	PSMA3-AS1	NR_029435	379025	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6056	None
chr14:59484220:G/A:1	chr14	59484220	G|A	1	JKAMP	NM_001098625	51528	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:59484220:G/A:1	chr14	59484220	G|A	1	JKAMP	NM_001284201	51528	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:59484220:G/A:1	chr14	59484220	G|A	1	JKAMP	NM_001284202	51528	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:59484220:G/A:1	chr14	59484220	G|A	1	JKAMP	NM_001284203	51528	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:59484220:G/A:1	chr14	59484220	G|A	1	JKAMP	NM_001284204	51528	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:59484220:G/A:1	chr14	59484220	G|A	1	JKAMP	NM_016475	51528	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:59484220:G/A:1	chr14	59484220	G|A	1	L3HYPDH	NM_001331159	112849	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:59484220:G/A:1	chr14	59484220	G|A	1	L3HYPDH	NM_001331158	112849	5utr	136	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:59484220:G/A:1	chr14	59484220	G|A	1	L3HYPDH	NR_138571	112849	non-coding	136	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:59484220:G/A:1	chr14	59484220	G|A	1	L3HYPDH	NR_138575	112849	non-coding	136	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:59484220:G/A:1	chr14	59484220	G|A	1	L3HYPDH	NM_001331164	112849	coding	136	97	33	R>C	nonsyn	None	MESALAVPRLPPHDPGTPVLSVVDMHTGGEPLRIVLAGCPEVSGPTLLAKRRYMRQHLDHVRRRLMFEPRGHRDMYGAVLVPSELPDAHLGVLFLHNEGYSSMCGHAVLALGRFALDFGLVPAPPAGTREARVNIHCPCGLVTAFVACEDGRSHGPVRFHSVPAFVLATDLMVDVPGHGKVMVDIAYGGAFYAFVTAEKLGLDICSAKTRDLVDAASAVTEAVKAQFKINHPDSEDLAFLYGTILTDGKDAYTKEPTTNICVFADEQVDRSPTGSGVTARIALQYHKGLLELNQMRAFKSSATGSVFTGKAVRVSGTLSFLFINVSLMRLERPELGV*|MESALAVPRLPPHDPGTPVLSVVDMHTGGEPLCIVLAGCPEVSGPTLLAKRRYMRQHLDHVRRRLMFEPRGHRDMYGAVLVPSELPDAHLGVLFLHNEGYSSMCGHAVLALGRFALDFGLVPAPPAGTREARVNIHCPCGLVTAFVACEDGRSHGPVRFHSVPAFVLATDLMVDVPGHGKVMVDIAYGGAFYAFVTAEKLGLDICSAKTRDLVDAASAVTEAVKAQFKINHPDSEDLAFLYGTILTDGKDAYTKEPTTNICVFADEQVDRSPTGSGVTARIALQYHKGLLELNQMRAFKSSATGSVFTGKAVRVSGTLSFLFINVSLMRLERPELGV*
chr14:59484220:G/A:1	chr14	59484220	G|A	1	L3HYPDH	NM_144581	112849	coding	189	97	33	R>C	nonsyn	None	MESALAVPRLPPHDPGTPVLSVVDMHTGGEPLRIVLAGCPEVSGPTLLAKRRYMRQHLDHVRRRLMFEPRGHRDMYGAVLVPSELPDAHLGVLFLHNEGYSSMCGHAVLALGRFALDFGLVPAPPAGTREARVNIHCPCGLVTAFVACEDGRSHGPVRFHSVPAFVLATDLMVDVPGHGKVMVDIAYGGAFYAFVTAEKLGLDICSAKTRDLVDAASAVTEAVKAQFKINHPDSEDLAFLYGTILTDGKDAYTKEPTTNICVFADEQVDRSPTGSGVTARIALQYHKGLLELNQMRAFKSSATGSVFTGKAVREAKCGDFKAVIVEVSGQAHYTGTASFIIEDDDPLRDGFLLK*|MESALAVPRLPPHDPGTPVLSVVDMHTGGEPLCIVLAGCPEVSGPTLLAKRRYMRQHLDHVRRRLMFEPRGHRDMYGAVLVPSELPDAHLGVLFLHNEGYSSMCGHAVLALGRFALDFGLVPAPPAGTREARVNIHCPCGLVTAFVACEDGRSHGPVRFHSVPAFVLATDLMVDVPGHGKVMVDIAYGGAFYAFVTAEKLGLDICSAKTRDLVDAASAVTEAVKAQFKINHPDSEDLAFLYGTILTDGKDAYTKEPTTNICVFADEQVDRSPTGSGVTARIALQYHKGLLELNQMRAFKSSATGSVFTGKAVREAKCGDFKAVIVEVSGQAHYTGTASFIIEDDDPLRDGFLLK*
chr14:59484220:G/A:1	chr14	59484220	G|A	1	L3HYPDH	NR_138572	112849	non-coding	136	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:59484220:G/A:1	chr14	59484220	G|A	1	L3HYPDH	NR_138574	112849	non-coding	136	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:61776044:A/T:1	chr14	61776044	A|T	1	SNAPC1	NM_003082	6617	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	51	None
chr14:67574407:G/C:1	chr14	67574407	G|C	1	PLEKHH1	NM_020715	57475	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr14:70060534:G/T:1	chr14	70060534	G|T	1	SLC8A3	NM_001130417	6547	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	302	None
chr14:70060534:G/T:1	chr14	70060534	G|T	1	SLC8A3	NM_182932	6547	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	302	None
chr14:70060534:G/T:1	chr14	70060534	G|T	1	SLC8A3	NM_182936	6547	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8420	None
chr14:70060534:G/T:1	chr14	70060534	G|T	1	SLC8A3	NR_104122	6547	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8420	None
chr14:70060534:G/T:1	chr14	70060534	G|T	1	SLC8A3	NM_058240	6547	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	302	None
chr14:70060534:G/T:1	chr14	70060534	G|T	1	SLC8A3	NM_183002	6547	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	302	None
chr14:70060534:G/T:1	chr14	70060534	G|T	1	SLC8A3	NM_033262	6547	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3289	None
chr14:70522598:A/T:1	chr14	70522598	A|T	1	ADAM20	NM_003814	8748	coding	2544	2160	720	S>R	nonsyn	None	MAVGEPLVHIRVTLLLLWFGMFLSISGHSQARPSQYFTSPEVVIPLKVISRGRGAKAPGWLSYSLRFGGQRYIVHMRVNKLLFAAHLPVFTYTEQHALLQDQPFIQDDCYYHGYVEGVPESLVALSTCSGGFLGMLQINDLVYEIKPISVSATFEHLVYKIDSDDTQFPPMRCGLTEEKIAHQMELQLSYNFTLKQSSFVGWWTHQRFVELVVVVDNIRYLFSQSNATTVQHEVFNVVNIVDSFYHPLEVDVILTGIDIWTASNPLPTSGDLDNVLEDFSIWKNYNLNNRLQHDVAHLFIKDTQGMKLGVAYVKGICQNPFNTGVDVFEDNRLVVFAITLGHELGHNLGMQHDTQWCVCELQWCIMHAYRKVTTKFSNCSYAQYWDSTISSGLCIQPPPYPGNIFRLKYCGNLVVEEGEECDCGTIRQCAKDPCCLLNCTLHPGAACAFGICCKDCKFLPSGTLCRQQVGECDLPEWCNGTSHQCPDDVYVQDGISCNVNAFCYEKTCNNHDIQCKEIFGQDARSASQSCYQEINTQGNRFGHCGIVGTTYVKCWTPDIMCGRVQCENVGVIPNLIEHSTVQQFHLNDTTCWGTDYHLGMAIPDIGEVKDGTVCGPEKICIRKKCASMVHLSQACQPKTCNMRGICNNKQHCHCNHEWAPPYCKDKGYGGSADSGPPPKNNMEGLNVMGKLRYLSLLCLLPLVAFLLFCLHVLFKKRTKSKEDEEG*|MAVGEPLVHIRVTLLLLWFGMFLSISGHSQARPSQYFTSPEVVIPLKVISRGRGAKAPGWLSYSLRFGGQRYIVHMRVNKLLFAAHLPVFTYTEQHALLQDQPFIQDDCYYHGYVEGVPESLVALSTCSGGFLGMLQINDLVYEIKPISVSATFEHLVYKIDSDDTQFPPMRCGLTEEKIAHQMELQLSYNFTLKQSSFVGWWTHQRFVELVVVVDNIRYLFSQSNATTVQHEVFNVVNIVDSFYHPLEVDVILTGIDIWTASNPLPTSGDLDNVLEDFSIWKNYNLNNRLQHDVAHLFIKDTQGMKLGVAYVKGICQNPFNTGVDVFEDNRLVVFAITLGHELGHNLGMQHDTQWCVCELQWCIMHAYRKVTTKFSNCSYAQYWDSTISSGLCIQPPPYPGNIFRLKYCGNLVVEEGEECDCGTIRQCAKDPCCLLNCTLHPGAACAFGICCKDCKFLPSGTLCRQQVGECDLPEWCNGTSHQCPDDVYVQDGISCNVNAFCYEKTCNNHDIQCKEIFGQDARSASQSCYQEINTQGNRFGHCGIVGTTYVKCWTPDIMCGRVQCENVGVIPNLIEHSTVQQFHLNDTTCWGTDYHLGMAIPDIGEVKDGTVCGPEKICIRKKCASMVHLSQACQPKTCNMRGICNNKQHCHCNHEWAPPYCKDKGYGGSADSGPPPKNNMEGLNVMGKLRYLSLLCLLPLVAFLLFCLHVLFKKRTKRKEDEEG*
chr14:73249929:G/T:1	chr14	73249929	G|T	1	PAPLN	NM_001365906	89932	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	55	None
chr14:73249929:G/T:1	chr14	73249929	G|T	1	PAPLN	NM_001365907	89932	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	55	None
chr14:73249929:G/T:1	chr14	73249929	G|T	1	PAPLN	NM_173462	89932	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	55	None
chr14:73249929:G/T:1	chr14	73249929	G|T	1	PAPLN	NR_158677	89932	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	55	None
chr14:73249929:G/T:1	chr14	73249929	G|T	1	PAPLN	NR_158678	89932	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	55	None
chr14:73522750:C/T:1	chr14	73522750	C|T	1	HEATR4	NM_001220484	399671	coding	751	403	135	A>T	nonsyn	None	MTRTQKGKTFLPHCFYQSLPPRLGWGMILNYSKLKGKEECASVSSVPMVFFSSQYRLHRKSQYLKMAAANLTFSQEVVWQRGLPSIPYSQYSFDHLYNTNDIIHTPQIRKARPQKPVSFKFLGSSSPLTGDTSLAVKTESSANPEKKLKKSKPASTVREAPRPLIHHPCMHPDMLGRPPSLDVNLEEREAWLLPPEKEARAWEATVLEKLNERTARWIQSKRPRRPGASPNKWQSFLRQQYDWSHIRDELTSASDLELLKQLEAEETAEFEDQSVILPPQEKKKPELLLPVYYRLPSYFQQAETVEIMPGNKSTEDIHEKTSLSQPQTQSYFRQVTPRAGKFAYSTDNTFEQEIYFDEVQIIHQIGAKRDQIVLENLNRYNKQLSKVFPETPEKWSAQAIPEASYRPVQGALRWTALPTPAKDMLLQVGEKDVPIKTRRLKKQAKSLQEDVTWELVVLRRMLKEWKTAWALIIEWHHETVENLLQSLGDLHDDVRIKAITTCATAALERPRIATSQRDSDKTIQDLPEVLLPALEAALCDKNAHVRMAAAICQYAIQSHNPLARNIMQTALLKGNSVDSWAAAQCLALEGTATYPVIKRILHQLFTKKNEDTEEQSYILLSYLSEKTTLIHTMLAVELNSCQWKNRIVACQAFSRISGNVCLDMKHKLIQLMWNDWNKEVRRAAAQALGQMSLGKEVHDIIRVKLGQGNSQERVEALYLIGELKLMTAKLLPSFLHCFSDDFTAVRRAACLAAGALQIRDKMVLECLLNLMQRDPYWKIKAFAIRALGQIGQVSPELTDLLLWAIHYEESPGVRLEACRSILALKLQGDRVRDTFLDVLLLENHDAVLKEMYQTMKILNLGNEGNQEMLQEIKNRIKTLSQKDLLTHKILKLEMVMGKVREEAKRVYLKPKGEQGPLTLQTLLQETFQDEMVLPRRPSEVCDTEAVIKPVKPRAPNPWLQSSVPGLTTRSKVRSSLVKDLRTSPEKRIAVGPFRSDYPALYLGKFSERTFFSPIMSSPSGKKGAHL*|MTRTQKGKTFLPHCFYQSLPPRLGWGMILNYSKLKGKEECASVSSVPMVFFSSQYRLHRKSQYLKMAAANLTFSQEVVWQRGLPSIPYSQYSFDHLYNTNDIIHTPQIRKARPQKPVSFKFLGSSSPLTGDTSLTVKTESSANPEKKLKKSKPASTVREAPRPLIHHPCMHPDMLGRPPSLDVNLEEREAWLLPPEKEARAWEATVLEKLNERTARWIQSKRPRRPGASPNKWQSFLRQQYDWSHIRDELTSASDLELLKQLEAEETAEFEDQSVILPPQEKKKPELLLPVYYRLPSYFQQAETVEIMPGNKSTEDIHEKTSLSQPQTQSYFRQVTPRAGKFAYSTDNTFEQEIYFDEVQIIHQIGAKRDQIVLENLNRYNKQLSKVFPETPEKWSAQAIPEASYRPVQGALRWTALPTPAKDMLLQVGEKDVPIKTRRLKKQAKSLQEDVTWELVVLRRMLKEWKTAWALIIEWHHETVENLLQSLGDLHDDVRIKAITTCATAALERPRIATSQRDSDKTIQDLPEVLLPALEAALCDKNAHVRMAAAICQYAIQSHNPLARNIMQTALLKGNSVDSWAAAQCLALEGTATYPVIKRILHQLFTKKNEDTEEQSYILLSYLSEKTTLIHTMLAVELNSCQWKNRIVACQAFSRISGNVCLDMKHKLIQLMWNDWNKEVRRAAAQALGQMSLGKEVHDIIRVKLGQGNSQERVEALYLIGELKLMTAKLLPSFLHCFSDDFTAVRRAACLAAGALQIRDKMVLECLLNLMQRDPYWKIKAFAIRALGQIGQVSPELTDLLLWAIHYEESPGVRLEACRSILALKLQGDRVRDTFLDVLLLENHDAVLKEMYQTMKILNLGNEGNQEMLQEIKNRIKTLSQKDLLTHKILKLEMVMGKVREEAKRVYLKPKGEQGPLTLQTLLQETFQDEMVLPRRPSEVCDTEAVIKPVKPRAPNPWLQSSVPGLTTRSKVRSSLVKDLRTSPEKRIAVGPFRSDYPALYLGKFSERTFFSPIMSSPSGKKGAHL*
chr14:73522750:C/T:1	chr14	73522750	C|T	1	HEATR4	NM_203309	399671	coding	672	403	135	A>T	nonsyn	None	MTRTQKGKTFLPHCFYQSLPPRLGWGMILNYSKLKGKEECASVSSVPMVFFSSQYRLHRKSQYLKMAAANLTFSQEVVWQRGLPSIPYSQYSFDHLYNTNDIIHTPQIRKARPQKPVSFKFLGSSSPLTGDTSLAVKTESSANPEKKLKKSKPASTVREAPRPLIHHPCMHPDMLGRPPSLDVNLEEREAWLLPPEKEARAWEATVLEKLNERTARWIQSKRPRRPGASPNKWQSFLRQQYDWSHIRDELTSASDLELLKQLEAEETAEFEDQSVILPPQEKKKPELLLPVYYRLPSYFQQAETVEIMPGNKSTEDIHEKTSLSQPQTQSYFRQVTPRAGKFAYSTDNTFEQEIYFDEVQIIHQIGAKRDQIVLENLNRYNKQLSKVFPETPEKWSAQAIPEASYRPVQGALRWTALPTPAKDMLLQVGEKDVPIKTRRLKKQAKSLQEDVTWELVVLRRMLKEWKTAWALIIEWHHETVENLLQSLGDLHDDVRIKAITTCATAALERPRIATSQRDSDKTIQDLPEVLLPALEAALCDKNAHVRMAAAICQYAIQSHNPLARNIMQTALLKGNSVDSWAAAQCLALEGTATYPVIKRILHQLFTKKNEDTEEQSYILLSYLSEKTTLIHTMLAVELNSCQWKNRIVACQAFSRISGNVCLDMKHKLIQLMWNDWNKEVRRAAAQALGQMSLGKEVHDIIRVKLGQGNSQERVEALYLIGELKLMTAKLLPSFLHCFSDDFTAVRRAACLAAGALQIRDKMVLECLLNLMQRDPYWKIKAFAIRALGQIGQVSPELTDLLLWAIHYEESPGVRLEACRSILALKLQGDRVRDTFLDVLLLENHDAVLKEMYQTMKILNLGNEGNQEMLQEIKNRIKTLSQKDLLTHKILKLEMVMGKVREEAKRVYLKPKGEQGPLTLQTLLQETFQDEMVLPRRPSEVCDTEAVIKPVKPRAPNPWLQSSVPGLTTRSKVRSSLVKDLRTSPEKRIAVGPFRSDYPALYLGKFSERTFFSPIMSSPSGKKGAHL*|MTRTQKGKTFLPHCFYQSLPPRLGWGMILNYSKLKGKEECASVSSVPMVFFSSQYRLHRKSQYLKMAAANLTFSQEVVWQRGLPSIPYSQYSFDHLYNTNDIIHTPQIRKARPQKPVSFKFLGSSSPLTGDTSLTVKTESSANPEKKLKKSKPASTVREAPRPLIHHPCMHPDMLGRPPSLDVNLEEREAWLLPPEKEARAWEATVLEKLNERTARWIQSKRPRRPGASPNKWQSFLRQQYDWSHIRDELTSASDLELLKQLEAEETAEFEDQSVILPPQEKKKPELLLPVYYRLPSYFQQAETVEIMPGNKSTEDIHEKTSLSQPQTQSYFRQVTPRAGKFAYSTDNTFEQEIYFDEVQIIHQIGAKRDQIVLENLNRYNKQLSKVFPETPEKWSAQAIPEASYRPVQGALRWTALPTPAKDMLLQVGEKDVPIKTRRLKKQAKSLQEDVTWELVVLRRMLKEWKTAWALIIEWHHETVENLLQSLGDLHDDVRIKAITTCATAALERPRIATSQRDSDKTIQDLPEVLLPALEAALCDKNAHVRMAAAICQYAIQSHNPLARNIMQTALLKGNSVDSWAAAQCLALEGTATYPVIKRILHQLFTKKNEDTEEQSYILLSYLSEKTTLIHTMLAVELNSCQWKNRIVACQAFSRISGNVCLDMKHKLIQLMWNDWNKEVRRAAAQALGQMSLGKEVHDIIRVKLGQGNSQERVEALYLIGELKLMTAKLLPSFLHCFSDDFTAVRRAACLAAGALQIRDKMVLECLLNLMQRDPYWKIKAFAIRALGQIGQVSPELTDLLLWAIHYEESPGVRLEACRSILALKLQGDRVRDTFLDVLLLENHDAVLKEMYQTMKILNLGNEGNQEMLQEIKNRIKTLSQKDLLTHKILKLEMVMGKVREEAKRVYLKPKGEQGPLTLQTLLQETFQDEMVLPRRPSEVCDTEAVIKPVKPRAPNPWLQSSVPGLTTRSKVRSSLVKDLRTSPEKRIAVGPFRSDYPALYLGKFSERTFFSPIMSSPSGKKGAHL*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353599	5826	coding	993	504	168	L>L	syn	None	MASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353600	5826	coding	1005	504	168	L>L	syn	None	MASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353601	5826	coding	865	504	168	L>L	syn	None	MASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353602	5826	coding	1033	192	64	L>L	syn	None	MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353603	5826	coding	910	192	64	L>L	syn	None	MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353604	5826	coding	770	192	64	L>L	syn	None	MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353605	5826	coding	1038	192	64	L>L	syn	None	MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353606	5826	coding	910	192	64	L>L	syn	None	MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353607	5826	coding	791	192	64	L>L	syn	None	MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353608	5826	coding	893	192	64	L>L	syn	None	MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353609	5826	coding	1038	192	64	L>L	syn	None	MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353610	5826	coding	1038	192	64	L>L	syn	None	MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLVSGERDPQDPSPPGSTSYSPTWWQGQRAWTSRWTGTGMMFCPRGRCNGSPLPDSSTCSRSTQCLMKPPVP*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_005050	5826	coding	1003	981	327	L>L	syn	None	MAVAGPAPGAGARPRLDLQFLQRFLQILKVLFPSWSSQNALMFLTLLCLTLLEQFVIYQVGLIPSQYYGVLGNKDLEGFKTLTFLAVMLIVLNSTLKSFDQFTCNLLYVSWRKDLTEHLHRLYFRGRAYYTLNVLRDDIDNPDQRISQDVERFCRQLSSMASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_020324	5826	coding	993	504	168	L>L	syn	None	MASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_020325	5826	coding	1133	981	327	L>L	syn	None	MAVAGPAPGAGARPRLDLQFLQRFLQILKVLFPSWSSQNALMFLTLLCLTLLEQFVIYQVGLIPSQYYGVLGNKDLEGFKTLTFLAVMLIVLNSTLKSFDQFTCNLLYVSWRKDLTEHLHRLYFRGRAYYTLNVLRDDIDNPDQRISQDVERFCRQLSSMASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NR_003256	5826	non-coding	1005	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NR_148466	5826	non-coding	1033	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NR_148467	5826	non-coding	814	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NR_148468	5826	non-coding	791	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NR_148469	5826	non-coding	1038	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NR_148470	5826	non-coding	1000	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NR_148471	5826	non-coding	1038	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NR_148472	5826	non-coding	1087	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NR_148473	5826	non-coding	1014	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NR_148474	5826	non-coding	1133	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353591	5826	coding	1007	855	285	L>L	syn	None	MAVAGPAPGAGARPRLDLQFLQRFLQILKVLFPSWSSQNALMFLTLLCLTLLEQFVIYQVGLIPSQYYGVLGNKDLEGFKTLTFLAVMLIVLNSTLKSFDQFTCNLLYVSWRKDLTEHLHRLYFRGRAYYTLNVLRDDIDNPDQRISQDVERFCRQLSSMASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353592	5826	coding	1007	855	285	L>L	syn	None	MAVAGPAPGAGARPRLDLQFLQRFLQILKVLFPSWSSQNALMFLTLLCLTLLEQFVIYQVGLIPSQYYGVLGNKDLEGFKTLTFLAVMLIVLNSTLKSFDQFTCNLLYVSWRKDLTEHLHRLYFRGRAYYTLNVLRDDIDNPDQRISQDVERFCRQLSSMASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353593	5826	coding	1014	720	240	L>L	syn	None	MLIVLNSTLKSFDQFTCNLLYVSWRKDLTEHLHRLYFRGRAYYTLNVLRDDIDNPDQRISQDVERFCRQLSSMASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353594	5826	coding	963	669	223	L>L	syn	None	MLIVLNSTLKSFDQFTCNLLYVSWRKDLTEHLHRLYFRGRAYYTLNVLRDDIDNPDQRISQDVERFCRQLSSMASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353595	5826	coding	1128	567	189	L>L	syn	None	MTSITRTSASARTWSDSAGSSAAWPASSSSPRSPSSTTLTSASKGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353596	5826	coding	1000	567	189	L>L	syn	None	MTSITRTSASARTWSDSAGSSAAWPASSSSPRSPSSTTLTSASKGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353597	5826	coding	949	516	172	L>L	syn	None	MTSITRTSASARTWSDSAGSSAAWPASSSSPRSPSSTTLTSASKGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292598:G/T:1	chr14	74292598	G|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353598	5826	coding	886	504	168	L>L	syn	None	MASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353591	5826	coding	936	784	262	A>T	nonsyn	None	MAVAGPAPGAGARPRLDLQFLQRFLQILKVLFPSWSSQNALMFLTLLCLTLLEQFVIYQVGLIPSQYYGVLGNKDLEGFKTLTFLAVMLIVLNSTLKSFDQFTCNLLYVSWRKDLTEHLHRLYFRGRAYYTLNVLRDDIDNPDQRISQDVERFCRQLSSMASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*|MAVAGPAPGAGARPRLDLQFLQRFLQILKVLFPSWSSQNALMFLTLLCLTLLEQFVIYQVGLIPSQYYGVLGNKDLEGFKTLTFLAVMLIVLNSTLKSFDQFTCNLLYVSWRKDLTEHLHRLYFRGRAYYTLNVLRDDIDNPDQRISQDVERFCRQLSSMASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353592	5826	coding	936	784	262	A>T	nonsyn	None	MAVAGPAPGAGARPRLDLQFLQRFLQILKVLFPSWSSQNALMFLTLLCLTLLEQFVIYQVGLIPSQYYGVLGNKDLEGFKTLTFLAVMLIVLNSTLKSFDQFTCNLLYVSWRKDLTEHLHRLYFRGRAYYTLNVLRDDIDNPDQRISQDVERFCRQLSSMASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*|MAVAGPAPGAGARPRLDLQFLQRFLQILKVLFPSWSSQNALMFLTLLCLTLLEQFVIYQVGLIPSQYYGVLGNKDLEGFKTLTFLAVMLIVLNSTLKSFDQFTCNLLYVSWRKDLTEHLHRLYFRGRAYYTLNVLRDDIDNPDQRISQDVERFCRQLSSMASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353593	5826	coding	943	649	217	A>T	nonsyn	None	MLIVLNSTLKSFDQFTCNLLYVSWRKDLTEHLHRLYFRGRAYYTLNVLRDDIDNPDQRISQDVERFCRQLSSMASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*|MLIVLNSTLKSFDQFTCNLLYVSWRKDLTEHLHRLYFRGRAYYTLNVLRDDIDNPDQRISQDVERFCRQLSSMASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353594	5826	coding	892	598	200	A>T	nonsyn	None	MLIVLNSTLKSFDQFTCNLLYVSWRKDLTEHLHRLYFRGRAYYTLNVLRDDIDNPDQRISQDVERFCRQLSSMASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*|MLIVLNSTLKSFDQFTCNLLYVSWRKDLTEHLHRLYFRGRAYYTLNVLRDDIDNPDQRISQDVERFCRQLSSMASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353595	5826	coding	1057	496	166	A>T	nonsyn	None	MTSITRTSASARTWSDSAGSSAAWPASSSSPRSPSSTTLTSASKGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*|MTSITRTSASARTWSDSAGSSAAWPASSSSPRSPSSTTLTSASKGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353596	5826	coding	929	496	166	A>T	nonsyn	None	MTSITRTSASARTWSDSAGSSAAWPASSSSPRSPSSTTLTSASKGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*|MTSITRTSASARTWSDSAGSSAAWPASSSSPRSPSSTTLTSASKGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353597	5826	coding	878	445	149	A>T	nonsyn	None	MTSITRTSASARTWSDSAGSSAAWPASSSSPRSPSSTTLTSASKGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*|MTSITRTSASARTWSDSAGSSAAWPASSSSPRSPSSTTLTSASKGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353598	5826	coding	815	433	145	A>T	nonsyn	None	MASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*|MASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353599	5826	coding	922	433	145	A>T	nonsyn	None	MASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*|MASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353600	5826	coding	934	433	145	A>T	nonsyn	None	MASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*|MASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353601	5826	coding	794	433	145	A>T	nonsyn	None	MASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*|MASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353602	5826	coding	962	121	41	A>T	nonsyn	None	MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*|MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353603	5826	coding	839	121	41	A>T	nonsyn	None	MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*|MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353604	5826	coding	699	121	41	A>T	nonsyn	None	MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*|MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353605	5826	coding	967	121	41	A>T	nonsyn	None	MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*|MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353606	5826	coding	839	121	41	A>T	nonsyn	None	MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*|MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353607	5826	coding	720	121	41	A>T	nonsyn	None	MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*|MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353608	5826	coding	822	121	41	A>T	nonsyn	None	MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*|MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353609	5826	coding	967	121	41	A>T	nonsyn	None	MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*|MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_001353610	5826	coding	967	121	41	A>T	nonsyn	None	MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLVSGERDPQDPSPPGSTSYSPTWWQGQRAWTSRWTGTGMMFCPRGRCNGSPLPDSSTCSRSTQCLMKPPVP*|MRSLLLSTVGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLVSGERDPQDPSPPGSTSYSPTWWQGQRAWTSRWTGTGMMFCPRGRCNGSPLPDSSTCSRSTQCLMKPPVP*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_005050	5826	coding	932	910	304	A>T	nonsyn	None	MAVAGPAPGAGARPRLDLQFLQRFLQILKVLFPSWSSQNALMFLTLLCLTLLEQFVIYQVGLIPSQYYGVLGNKDLEGFKTLTFLAVMLIVLNSTLKSFDQFTCNLLYVSWRKDLTEHLHRLYFRGRAYYTLNVLRDDIDNPDQRISQDVERFCRQLSSMASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*|MAVAGPAPGAGARPRLDLQFLQRFLQILKVLFPSWSSQNALMFLTLLCLTLLEQFVIYQVGLIPSQYYGVLGNKDLEGFKTLTFLAVMLIVLNSTLKSFDQFTCNLLYVSWRKDLTEHLHRLYFRGRAYYTLNVLRDDIDNPDQRISQDVERFCRQLSSMASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_020324	5826	coding	922	433	145	A>T	nonsyn	None	MASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*|MASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKFHSLVLKLCGGGRWELMRIKVE*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NM_020325	5826	coding	1062	910	304	A>T	nonsyn	None	MAVAGPAPGAGARPRLDLQFLQRFLQILKVLFPSWSSQNALMFLTLLCLTLLEQFVIYQVGLIPSQYYGVLGNKDLEGFKTLTFLAVMLIVLNSTLKSFDQFTCNLLYVSWRKDLTEHLHRLYFRGRAYYTLNVLRDDIDNPDQRISQDVERFCRQLSSMASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPAELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*|MAVAGPAPGAGARPRLDLQFLQRFLQILKVLFPSWSSQNALMFLTLLCLTLLEQFVIYQVGLIPSQYYGVLGNKDLEGFKTLTFLAVMLIVLNSTLKSFDQFTCNLLYVSWRKDLTEHLHRLYFRGRAYYTLNVLRDDIDNPDQRISQDVERFCRQLSSMASKLIISPFTLVYYTYQCFQSTGWLGPVSIFGYFILGTVVNKTLMGPIVMKLVHQEKLEGDFRFKHMQIRVNAEPAAFYRAGHVEHMRTDRRLQRLLQTQRELMSKELWLYIGINTFDYLGSILSYVVIAIPIFSGVYGDLSPTELSTLVSKNAFVCIYLISCFTQLIDLSTTLSDVAGYTHRIGQLRETLLDMSLKSQDCEILGESEWGLDTPPGWPAAEPADTAFLLERVSISAPSSDKPLIKDLSLKISEGQSLLITGNTGTGKTSLLRVLGGLWTSTRGSVQMLTDFGPHGVLFLPQKPFFTDGTLREQVIYPLKEVYPDSGSADDERILRFLELAGLSNLVARTEGLDQQVDWNWYDVLSPGEMQRLSFARLFYLQPKYAVLDEATSALTEEVESELYRIGQQLGMTFISVGHRQSLEKVPVLTRMA*
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NR_003256	5826	non-coding	934	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NR_148466	5826	non-coding	962	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NR_148467	5826	non-coding	743	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NR_148468	5826	non-coding	720	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NR_148469	5826	non-coding	967	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NR_148470	5826	non-coding	929	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NR_148471	5826	non-coding	967	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NR_148472	5826	non-coding	1016	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NR_148473	5826	non-coding	943	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74292774:C/T:1	chr14	74292774	C|T	1	ABCD4	NR_148474	5826	non-coding	1062	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:74407837:A/G:1	chr14	74407837	A|G	1	SYNDIG1L	NM_001105579	646658	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	12	None
chr14:77440923:G/A:1	chr14	77440923	G|A	1	VIPAS39	NM_001193314	63894	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr14:77440923:G/A:1	chr14	77440923	G|A	1	VIPAS39	NM_001193315	63894	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr14:77440923:G/A:1	chr14	77440923	G|A	1	VIPAS39	NM_001193316	63894	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr14:77440923:G/A:1	chr14	77440923	G|A	1	VIPAS39	NM_001193317	63894	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr14:77440923:G/A:1	chr14	77440923	G|A	1	VIPAS39	NM_022067	63894	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr14:78220607:G/T:1	chr14	78220607	G|T	1	NRXN3	NM_001330195	9369	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21784	None
chr14:78220607:G/T:1	chr14	78220607	G|T	1	NRXN3	NM_001366425	9369	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21784	None
chr14:78220607:G/T:1	chr14	78220607	G|T	1	NRXN3	NM_001366426	9369	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21784	None
chr14:78220607:G/T:1	chr14	78220607	G|T	1	NRXN3	NR_073547	9369	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21784	None
chr14:78220607:G/T:1	chr14	78220607	G|T	1	NRXN3	NR_158973	9369	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21784	None
chr14:78220607:G/T:1	chr14	78220607	G|T	1	NRXN3	NR_158974	9369	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21784	None
chr14:78220607:G/T:1	chr14	78220607	G|T	1	NRXN3	NR_158975	9369	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21784	None
chr14:81490564:A/C:1	chr14	81490564	A|C	1	SEL1L	NM_005065	6400	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	99	None
chr14:89966308:A/G:1	chr14	89966308	A|G	1	TDP1	NM_001008744	55775	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	118	None
chr14:89966308:A/G:1	chr14	89966308	A|G	1	TDP1	NM_001330205	55775	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	118	None
chr14:89966308:A/G:1	chr14	89966308	A|G	1	TDP1	NM_018319	55775	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	118	None
chr14:89985137:A/T:1	chr14	89985137	A|T	1	TDP1	NM_001008744	55775	coding	1134	1058	353	Y>F	nonsyn	None	MSQEGDYGRWTISSSDESEEEKPKPDKPSTSSLLCARQGAANEPRYTCSEAQKAAHKRKISPVKFSNTDSVLPPKRQKSGSQEDLGWCLSSSDDELQPEMPQKQAEKVVIKKEKDISAPNDGTAQRTENHGAPACHRLKEEEDEYETSGEGQDIWDMLDKGNPFQFYLTRVSGVKPKYNSGALHIKDILSPLFGTLVSSAQFNYCFDVDWLVKQYPPEFRKKPILLVHGDKREAKAHLHAQAKPYENISLCQAKLDIAFGTHHTKMMLLLYEEGLRVVIHTSNLIHADWHQKTQGIWLSPLYPRIADGTHKSGESPTHFKADLISYLMAYNAPSLKEWIDVIHKHDLSETNVYLIGSTPGRFQGSQKDNWGHFRLKKLLKDHASSMPNAESWPVVGQFSSVGSLGADESKWLCSEFKESMLTLGKESKTPGKSSVPLYLIYPSVENVRTSLEGYPAGGSLPYSIQTAEKQNWLHSYFHKWSAETSGRSNAMPHIKTYMRPSPDFSKIAWFLVTSANLSKAAWGALEKNGTQLMIRSYELGVLFLPSAFGLDSFKVKQKFFAGSQEPMATFPVPYDLPPELYGSKDRPWIWNIPYVKAPDTHGNMWVPS*|MSQEGDYGRWTISSSDESEEEKPKPDKPSTSSLLCARQGAANEPRYTCSEAQKAAHKRKISPVKFSNTDSVLPPKRQKSGSQEDLGWCLSSSDDELQPEMPQKQAEKVVIKKEKDISAPNDGTAQRTENHGAPACHRLKEEEDEYETSGEGQDIWDMLDKGNPFQFYLTRVSGVKPKYNSGALHIKDILSPLFGTLVSSAQFNYCFDVDWLVKQYPPEFRKKPILLVHGDKREAKAHLHAQAKPYENISLCQAKLDIAFGTHHTKMMLLLYEEGLRVVIHTSNLIHADWHQKTQGIWLSPLYPRIADGTHKSGESPTHFKADLISYLMAYNAPSLKEWIDVIHKHDLSETNVFLIGSTPGRFQGSQKDNWGHFRLKKLLKDHASSMPNAESWPVVGQFSSVGSLGADESKWLCSEFKESMLTLGKESKTPGKSSVPLYLIYPSVENVRTSLEGYPAGGSLPYSIQTAEKQNWLHSYFHKWSAETSGRSNAMPHIKTYMRPSPDFSKIAWFLVTSANLSKAAWGALEKNGTQLMIRSYELGVLFLPSAFGLDSFKVKQKFFAGSQEPMATFPVPYDLPPELYGSKDRPWIWNIPYVKAPDTHGNMWVPS*
chr14:89985137:A/T:1	chr14	89985137	A|T	1	TDP1	NM_001330205	55775	coding	1375	1058	353	Y>F	nonsyn	None	MSQEGDYGRWTISSSDESEEEKPKPDKPSTSSLLCARQGAANEPRYTCSEAQKAAHKRKISPVKFSNTDSVLPPKRQKSGSQEDLGWCLSSSDDELQPEMPQKQAEKVVIKKEKDISAPNDGTAQRTENHGAPACHRLKEEEDEYETSGEGQDIWDMLDKGNPFQFYLTRVSGVKPKYNSGALHIKDILSPLFGTLVSSAQFNYCFDVDWLVKQYPPEFRKKPILLVHGDKREAKAHLHAQAKPYENISLCQAKLDIAFGTHHTKMMLLLYEEGLRVVIHTSNLIHADWHQKTQGIWLSPLYPRIADGTHKSGESPTHFKADLISYLMAYNAPSLKEWIDVIHKHDLSETNVYLIGSTPGRFQGSQKDNWGHFRLKKLLKDHASSMPNAESWPVVGQFSSVGSLGADESKWLCSEFKESMLTLGKESKTPGKSSVPLYLIYPSVENVRTSLEGYPAGGSLPYSIQTAEKQNWLHSYFHKWSAETSGRSNAMPHIKTYMRPSPDFSKIAWFLVTSANLSKAAWGALEKNGTQLMIRSYELGVLFLPSAFIGHGYGTFLMSKHRIRMGTCGCPPENLEAL*|MSQEGDYGRWTISSSDESEEEKPKPDKPSTSSLLCARQGAANEPRYTCSEAQKAAHKRKISPVKFSNTDSVLPPKRQKSGSQEDLGWCLSSSDDELQPEMPQKQAEKVVIKKEKDISAPNDGTAQRTENHGAPACHRLKEEEDEYETSGEGQDIWDMLDKGNPFQFYLTRVSGVKPKYNSGALHIKDILSPLFGTLVSSAQFNYCFDVDWLVKQYPPEFRKKPILLVHGDKREAKAHLHAQAKPYENISLCQAKLDIAFGTHHTKMMLLLYEEGLRVVIHTSNLIHADWHQKTQGIWLSPLYPRIADGTHKSGESPTHFKADLISYLMAYNAPSLKEWIDVIHKHDLSETNVFLIGSTPGRFQGSQKDNWGHFRLKKLLKDHASSMPNAESWPVVGQFSSVGSLGADESKWLCSEFKESMLTLGKESKTPGKSSVPLYLIYPSVENVRTSLEGYPAGGSLPYSIQTAEKQNWLHSYFHKWSAETSGRSNAMPHIKTYMRPSPDFSKIAWFLVTSANLSKAAWGALEKNGTQLMIRSYELGVLFLPSAFIGHGYGTFLMSKHRIRMGTCGCPPENLEAL*
chr14:89985137:A/T:1	chr14	89985137	A|T	1	TDP1	NM_018319	55775	coding	1357	1058	353	Y>F	nonsyn	None	MSQEGDYGRWTISSSDESEEEKPKPDKPSTSSLLCARQGAANEPRYTCSEAQKAAHKRKISPVKFSNTDSVLPPKRQKSGSQEDLGWCLSSSDDELQPEMPQKQAEKVVIKKEKDISAPNDGTAQRTENHGAPACHRLKEEEDEYETSGEGQDIWDMLDKGNPFQFYLTRVSGVKPKYNSGALHIKDILSPLFGTLVSSAQFNYCFDVDWLVKQYPPEFRKKPILLVHGDKREAKAHLHAQAKPYENISLCQAKLDIAFGTHHTKMMLLLYEEGLRVVIHTSNLIHADWHQKTQGIWLSPLYPRIADGTHKSGESPTHFKADLISYLMAYNAPSLKEWIDVIHKHDLSETNVYLIGSTPGRFQGSQKDNWGHFRLKKLLKDHASSMPNAESWPVVGQFSSVGSLGADESKWLCSEFKESMLTLGKESKTPGKSSVPLYLIYPSVENVRTSLEGYPAGGSLPYSIQTAEKQNWLHSYFHKWSAETSGRSNAMPHIKTYMRPSPDFSKIAWFLVTSANLSKAAWGALEKNGTQLMIRSYELGVLFLPSAFGLDSFKVKQKFFAGSQEPMATFPVPYDLPPELYGSKDRPWIWNIPYVKAPDTHGNMWVPS*|MSQEGDYGRWTISSSDESEEEKPKPDKPSTSSLLCARQGAANEPRYTCSEAQKAAHKRKISPVKFSNTDSVLPPKRQKSGSQEDLGWCLSSSDDELQPEMPQKQAEKVVIKKEKDISAPNDGTAQRTENHGAPACHRLKEEEDEYETSGEGQDIWDMLDKGNPFQFYLTRVSGVKPKYNSGALHIKDILSPLFGTLVSSAQFNYCFDVDWLVKQYPPEFRKKPILLVHGDKREAKAHLHAQAKPYENISLCQAKLDIAFGTHHTKMMLLLYEEGLRVVIHTSNLIHADWHQKTQGIWLSPLYPRIADGTHKSGESPTHFKADLISYLMAYNAPSLKEWIDVIHKHDLSETNVFLIGSTPGRFQGSQKDNWGHFRLKKLLKDHASSMPNAESWPVVGQFSSVGSLGADESKWLCSEFKESMLTLGKESKTPGKSSVPLYLIYPSVENVRTSLEGYPAGGSLPYSIQTAEKQNWLHSYFHKWSAETSGRSNAMPHIKTYMRPSPDFSKIAWFLVTSANLSKAAWGALEKNGTQLMIRSYELGVLFLPSAFGLDSFKVKQKFFAGSQEPMATFPVPYDLPPELYGSKDRPWIWNIPYVKAPDTHGNMWVPS*
chr14:91167521:C/A:1	chr14	91167521	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001102366	80017	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr14:91167521:C/A:1	chr14	91167521	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001102367	80017	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr14:91167521:C/A:1	chr14	91167521	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001102368	80017	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr14:91167521:C/A:1	chr14	91167521	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001102369	80017	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr14:91167521:C/A:1	chr14	91167521	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001286470	80017	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr14:91167521:C/A:1	chr14	91167521	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001286471	80017	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr14:91167521:C/A:1	chr14	91167521	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001286472	80017	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr14:91167521:C/A:1	chr14	91167521	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001358310	80017	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr14:91167521:C/A:1	chr14	91167521	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001358311	80017	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr14:91167521:C/A:1	chr14	91167521	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001358312	80017	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr14:91167521:C/A:1	chr14	91167521	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_024952	80017	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr14:91167521:C/A:1	chr14	91167521	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001286473	80017	coding	833	310	104	Q>K	nonsyn	None	MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETSLRDLHSAWHRTSLMTVAQERAALPTVLTPSPITWRLSWLRSLRSWRKSSPGEIPLALPSVHSIAQARNPPVQD*|MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETSLRDLHSAWHRTSLMTVAKERAALPTVLTPSPITWRLSWLRSLRSWRKSSPGEIPLALPSVHSIAQARNPPVQD*
chr14:91188985:C/A:1	chr14	91188985	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001102366	80017	coding	1763	995	332	S>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHARSVLITTGFPTHFNHEPPEETDGPPGAVALVAFLQALEKEVAIIVDQRAWNLHQKIVEDAVEQGVLKTQIPILTYQGGSVEAAQAFLCKNGDPQTPRFDHLVAIERAGRAADGNYYNARKMNIKHLVDPIDDLFLAAKKIPGISSTGVGDGGNELGMGKVKEAVRRHIRHGDVIACDVEADFAVIAGVSNWGGYALACALYILYSCAVHSQYLRKAVGPSRAPGDQAWTQALPSVIKEEKMLGILVQHKVRSGVSGIVGMEVDGLPFHNTHAEMIQKLVDVTTAQV*|MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHAR*
chr14:91188985:C/A:1	chr14	91188985	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001102367	80017	coding	1529	995	332	S>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHARSVLITTGFPTHFNHEPPEETDGPPGAVALVAFLQALEKEVAIIVDQRAWNLHQKIVEDAVEQGVLKTQIPILTYQGGSVEAAQAFLCKNGDPQTPRFDHLVAIERAGRAADGNYYNARKMNIKHLVDPIDDLFLAAKKIPGISSTGVGDGGNELGMGKVKEAVRRHIRHGDVIACDVEADFAVIAGVSNWGGYALACALYILYSCAVHSQYLRKAVGPSRAPGDQAWTQALPSVIKEEKMLGILVQHKVRSGVSGIVGMEVDGLPFHNTHAEMIQKLVDVTTAQV*|MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHAR*
chr14:91188985:C/A:1	chr14	91188985	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001102368	80017	coding	1362	1010	337	S>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQAGAYKTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHARSVLITTGFPTHFNHEPPEETDGPPGAVALVAFLQALEKEVAIIVDQRAWNLHQKIVEDAVEQGVLKTQIPILTYQGGSVEAAQAFLCKNGDPQTPRFDHLVAIERAGRAADGNYYNARKMNIKHLVDPIDDLFLAAKKIPGISSTGVGDGGNELGMGKVKEAVRRHIRHGDVIACDVEADFAVIAGVSNWGGYALACALYILYSCAVHSQYLRKAVGPSRAPGDQAWTQALPSVIKEEKMLGILVQHKVRSGVSGIVGMEVDGLPFHNTHAEMIQKLVDVTTAQV*|MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQAGAYKTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHAR*
chr14:91188985:C/A:1	chr14	91188985	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001102369	80017	coding	1482	959	320	S>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHARSVLITTGFPTHFNHEPPEETDGPPGAVALVAFLQALEKEVAIIVDQRAWNLHQKIVEDAVEQGVLKTQIPILTYQGGSVEAAQAFLCKNGDPQTPRFDHLVAIERAGRAADGNYYNARKMNIKHLVDPIDDLFLAAKKIPGISSTGVSNWGGYALACALYILYSCAVHSQYLRKAVGPSRAPGDQAWTQALPSVIKEEKMLGILVQHKVRSGVSGIVGMEVDGLPFHNTHAEMIQKLVDVTTAQV*|MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHAR*
chr14:91188985:C/A:1	chr14	91188985	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001286470	80017	coding	2057	1010	337	S>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQAGAYKTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHARSVLITTGFPTHFNHEPPEETDGPPGAVALVAFLQALEKEVAIIVDQRAWNLHQKIVEDAVEQGVLKTQIPILTYQGGSVEAAQAFLCKNGDPQTPRFDHLVAIERAGRAADGNYYNARKMNIKHLVDPIDDLFLAAKKIPGISSTGVGDGGNELGMGKVKEAVRRHIRHGDVIACDVEADFAVIAGVSNWGGYALACALYILYSCAVHSQYLRKAVGPSRAPGDQAWTQALPSVIKEEKMLGILVQHKVRSGVSGIVGMEVDGLPFHNTHAEMIQKLVDVTTAQV*|MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQAGAYKTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHAR*
chr14:91188985:C/A:1	chr14	91188985	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001286471	80017	coding	1598	995	332	S>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHARSVLITTGFPTHFNHEPPEETDGPPGAVALVAFLQALEKEVAIIVDQRAWNLHQKIVEDAVEQGVLKTQIPILTYQGGSVEAAQAFLCKNGDPQTPRFDHLVAIERAGRAADGNYYNARKMNIKHLVDPIDDLFLAAKKIPGISSTGVGDGGNELGMGKVKEAVRRHIRHGDVIACDVEADFAVIAGVSNWGGYALACALYILYSCAVHSQYLRKAVGPSRAPGDQAWTQALPSVIKEEKMLGILVQHKVRSGVSGIVGMEVDGLPFHNTHAEMIQKLVDVTTAQV*|MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHAR*
chr14:91188985:C/A:1	chr14	91188985	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001286472	80017	coding	1533	1010	337	S>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQAGAYKTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHARSVLITTGFPTHFNHEPPEETDGPPGAVALVAFLQALEKEVAIIVDQRAWNLHQKIVEDAVEQGVLKTQIPILTYQGGSVEAAQAFLCKNGDPQTPRFDHLVAIERAGRAADGNYYNARKMNIKHLVDPIDDLFLAAKKIPGISSTGVSNWGGYALACALYILYSCAVHSQYLRKAVGPSRAPGDQAWTQALPSVIKEEKMLGILVQHKVRSGVSGIVGMEVDGLPFHNTHAEMIQKLVDVTTAQV*|MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQAGAYKTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHAR*
chr14:91188985:C/A:1	chr14	91188985	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001358310	80017	coding	1513	1010	337	S>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQAGAYKTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHARSVLITTGFPTHFNHEPPEETDGPPGAVALVAFLQALEKEVAIIVDQRAWNLHQKIVEDAVEQGVLKTQIPILTYQGGSVEAAQAFLCKNGDPQTPRFDHLVAIERAGRAADGNYYNARKMNIKHLVDPIDDLFLAAKKIPGISSTGVGDGGNELGMGKVKEAVRRHIRHGDVIACDVEADFAVIAGVSNWGGYALACALYILYSCAVHSQYLRKAVGPSRAPGDQAWTQALPSVIKEEKMLGILVQHKVRSGVSGIVGMEVDGLPFHNTHAEMIQKLVDVTTAQV*|MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQAGAYKTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHAR*
chr14:91188985:C/A:1	chr14	91188985	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001358311	80017	coding	1498	995	332	S>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHARSVLITTGFPTHFNHEPPEETDGPPGAVALVAFLQALEKEVAIIVDQRAWNLHQKIVEDAVEQGVLKTQIPILTYQGGSVEAAQAFLCKNGDPQTPRFDHLVAIERAGRAADGNYYNARKMNIKHLVDPIDDLFLAAKKIPGISSTGVGDGGNELGMGKVKEAVRRHIRHGDVIACDVEADFAVIAGVSNWGGYALACALYILYSCAVHSQYLRKAVGPSRAPGDQAWTQALPSVIKEEKMLGILVQHKVRSGVSGIVGMEVDGLPFHNTHAEMIQKLVDVTTAQV*|MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHAR*
chr14:91188985:C/A:1	chr14	91188985	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_001358312	80017	coding	1689	1010	337	S>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQAGAYKTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHARSVLITTGFPTHFNHEPPEETDGPPGAVALVAFLQALEKEVAIIVDQRAWNLHQKIVEDAVEQGVLKTQIPILTYQGGSVEAAQAFLCKNGDPQTPRFDHLVAIERAGRAADGNYYNARKMNIKHLVDPIDDLFLAAKKIPGISSTGVGDGGNELGMGKVKEAVRRHIRHGDVIACDVEADFAVIAGVSNWGGYALACALYILYSCAVHSQYLRKAVGPSRAPGDQAWTQALPSVIKEEKMLGILVQHKVRSGVSGIVGMEVDGLPFHNTHAEMIQKLVDVTTAQV*|MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQAGAYKTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHAR*
chr14:91188985:C/A:1	chr14	91188985	C|A	1	DGLUCY	NM_024952	80017	coding	1592	995	332	S>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHARSVLITTGFPTHFNHEPPEETDGPPGAVALVAFLQALEKEVAIIVDQRAWNLHQKIVEDAVEQGVLKTQIPILTYQGGSVEAAQAFLCKNGDPQTPRFDHLVAIERAGRAADGNYYNARKMNIKHLVDPIDDLFLAAKKIPGISSTGVGDGGNELGMGKVKEAVRRHIRHGDVIACDVEADFAVIAGVSNWGGYALACALYILYSCAVHSQYLRKAVGPSRAPGDQAWTQALPSVIKEEKMLGILVQHKVRSGVSGIVGMEVDGLPFHNTHAEMIQKLVDVTTAQV*|MPFTLHLRSRLPSAIRSLILQKKPNIRNTSSMAGELRPASLVVLPRSLAPAFERFCQVNTGPLPLLGQSEPEKWMLPPQGAISETRMGHPQFWKYEFGACTGSLASLEQYSEQLKDMVAFFLGCSFSLEEALEKAGLPRRDPAGHSQTTVPCVTHAGFCCPLVVTMRPIPKDKLEGLVRACCSLGGEQGQPVHMGDPELLGIKELSKPAYGDAMVCPPGEVPVFWPSPLTSLGAVSSCETPLAFASIPGCTVMTDLKDAKAPPGCLTPERIPEVHHISQDPLHYSIASVSASQKIRELESMIGIDPGNRGIGHLLCKDELLKASLSLSHAR*
chr14:93759746:A/T:1	chr14	93759746	A|T	1	PRIMA1	NM_178013	145270	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19430	None
chr14:93761432:C/A:1	chr14	93761432	C|A	1	PRIMA1	NM_178013	145270	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17744	None
chr14:94061191:C/T:1	chr14	94061191	C|T	1	DDX24	NM_020414	57062	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	125	None
chr14:94471224:G/T:1	chr14	94471224	G|T	1	SERPINA9	NM_001284275	327657	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1557	None
chr14:94471224:G/T:1	chr14	94471224	G|T	1	SERPINA9	NM_001042518	327657	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1367	None
chr14:94471224:G/T:1	chr14	94471224	G|T	1	SERPINA9	NM_175739	327657	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1367	None
chr14:94471224:G/T:1	chr14	94471224	G|T	1	SERPINA9	NM_001284276	327657	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1039	None
chr14:100141166:C/A:1	chr14	100141166	C|A	1	EVL	NM_001330221	51466	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14	None
chr14:100141166:C/A:1	chr14	100141166	C|A	1	EVL	NM_016337	51466	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14	None
chr14:101061898:G/T:1	chr14	101061898	G|T	1	MIR154	NR_029704	406946	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:101061898:G/T:1	chr14	101061898	G|T	1	MIR377	NR_029869	494326	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:101061898:G/T:1	chr14	101061898	G|T	1	MIR496	NR_030176	574454	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:101883867:G/T:1	chr14	101883867	G|T	1	PPP2R5C	NM_001161725	5527	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	305	None
chr14:101883867:G/T:1	chr14	101883867	G|T	1	PPP2R5C	NM_001161726	5527	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	305	None
chr14:101883867:G/T:1	chr14	101883867	G|T	1	PPP2R5C	NM_001352912	5527	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	305	None
chr14:101883867:G/T:1	chr14	101883867	G|T	1	PPP2R5C	NM_001352913	5527	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	305	None
chr14:101883867:G/T:1	chr14	101883867	G|T	1	PPP2R5C	NM_001352914	5527	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	305	None
chr14:101883867:G/T:1	chr14	101883867	G|T	1	PPP2R5C	NM_001352915	5527	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	305	None
chr14:101883867:G/T:1	chr14	101883867	G|T	1	PPP2R5C	NM_001352916	5527	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	305	None
chr14:101883867:G/T:1	chr14	101883867	G|T	1	PPP2R5C	NM_002719	5527	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	305	None
chr14:101883867:G/T:1	chr14	101883867	G|T	1	PPP2R5C	NM_178586	5527	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	305	None
chr14:101883867:G/T:1	chr14	101883867	G|T	1	PPP2R5C	NM_178587	5527	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	305	None
chr14:104588241:T/G:1	chr14	104588241	T|G	1	C14orf180	NM_001008404	400258	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	33	None
chr14:104588241:T/G:1	chr14	104588241	T|G	1	C14orf180	NM_001286399	400258	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	33	None
chr14:104588241:T/G:1	chr14	104588241	T|G	1	C14orf180	NM_001286400	400258	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	33	None
chr14:104944119:C/T:1	chr14	104944119	C|T	1	AHNAK2	NM_001350929	113146	coding	11305	11032	3678	A>T	nonsyn	None	MSRPEAVQEATEVTLKTEVEAGASGYSVTGGGDQGIFVKQVLKDSSAAKLFNLREGDQLLSTTVFFENIKYEDALKILQYSEPYKVQFKIRRQLPAPQDEEWASSDAQHGPQGKEKEDTDVADGCRETPTKTLEGDGDQERLISKPRVGRGRQSQRERLSWPKFQSIKSKRGPGPQRSHSSSEAYEPRDAHDVSPTSTDTEAQLTVERQEQKAGPGSQRRRKFLNLRFRTGSGQGPSSTGQPGRGFQSGVGRAGVLEELGPWGDSLEETGAATGSRREERAEQDREVMPAQSMPLPTELGDPRLCEGTPQEGGLRAARLHGKTLEGQAQETAVAQRKPRAQPTPGMSREGEGEGLQSLEIGIARLSLRDTTEGGTQIGPPEIRVRVHDLKTPKFAFSTEKEPERERRLSTPQRGKRQDASSKAGTGLKGEEVEGAGWMPGREPTTHAEAQGDEGDGEEGLQRTRITEEQDKGREDTEGQIRMPKFKIPSLGWSPSKHTKTGREKATEDTEQGREGEATATADRREQRRTEEGLKDKEDSDSMTNTTKIQLIHDEKRLKKEQILTEKEVATKDSKFKMPKFKMPLFGASAPGKSMEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLLSMQGDLKTTDLSVQTPSADLEVQDGQVDVKLPEGPLPEGASLKGHLPKVQRPSLKMPKVDLKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKEVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEDSVDVSAPKVEADVSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGPKVHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDGEVSLPSMEVDVQAQKAKLDGAWLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIKALVDVSAPKVEADLSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPASTDLKVQADQVDVKLPEGHLPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVALKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKSPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDSARLEGELSLADKDVTAKDSRFKMPKFKMPSFGASAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLEVHAGQVDVKLLEGHVPEGAGFKGHLPKVQMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVEVRGPKLDLKGHKAEVTAHEVAVSLPSVEVDMQAPGAKLDGAQLDGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDLSAPKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSTDLELQAGQLDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGGRLEEDMSLADKDLTTKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVSEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKVEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGAQLEGDLSLADKAVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSEPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQSPSADLEVQAGQVNVKLPEGPLPEGAGFKGHLPKVQMPSLKMPKVALKGPQMDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVMAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDSVRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEAEVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLCIPLPSADLVVQAGQVDMKLPEGQVPEGAGLKGHLPKVDMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQTDVKGAKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSMEVDVQAQKAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGRSIEASVDVPAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLKVQTGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEMRVPDVEVSLPSMEVDVQAPRAKLDSAHLQGDLTLANKDLTTKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSPPKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPLSADVKVQAGQVDVKLLEGPVPEEVGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVKAPGAKLDGARLEGDMSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMLSFGVSALGKSIEASADVSALKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSVQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKTDVMAPDVEVSQPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGAWLEGDLSVADKDVTTKDSRFKIPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADGSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPEMDLKGPQLDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKGVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFRVSAPGESIEALVDVSELKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDISIQPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPEVDLKGPQIDVKGPNVDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKGMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSELKVEADGSFPSMQGDLKTTDIRIQPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEVSVDVSAPKVEAEVSLPSMQGDLKTTDISIEPPSAQLEVQAGQVDLKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDRKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKTDVTAPDVEVSQPGMEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEVLVDVSAPKVEADLSLPSMQGDLKNTDISIEPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVLEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDRKGPQIDIKGPKLDLKGPKMDVTAPDVEVSQPSMEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSYRASAPGKSIQASVDVSAPKAEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQLPSVDLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKSPQVDIKGPKLDLKVPKAEVTVPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLAEKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGRSIEASLDVSAPKVEADVSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAVQVDVELLEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSLKTPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVRVPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPKAKLDAGRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFRVSAPGKSMEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLKVQAGQMDVKLPEGQVPEGAGLKEHLPKVEMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVDIKGPKLDLKVSKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPRAKLDSAQLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVHVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPHSADLTVQARQVDMKLLEGHVPEEAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEASVDVTAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKATDLSVQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGASLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGVQLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEASVDVSELKAKADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQSPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPLPKGAGLKGHLPKVQMPCLKMPKVALKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKGPKADVMTPVVEVSLPSMEVDVEAPGAKLDSVRLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASLDVSALKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTHLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQEDVKLPEGPVHEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPQIDVNVPKLDLKGPKVEVTSPNLDVSLPSMEVDIQAPGAKLDSTRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGMLSPGKSIEVSVDVSAPKMEADMSIPSMQGDLKTTDLRIQAPSADLEVQAGQVDLKLPEGHMPEVAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVMAPDVEVSLPSVETDVQAPGSMLDGARLEGDLSLAHEDVAGKDSKFQGPKLSTSGFEWSSKKVSMSSSEIEGNVTFHEKTSTFPIVESVVHEGDLHDPSRDGNLGLAVGEVGMDSKFKKLHFKVPKVSFSSTKTPKDSLVPGAKSSIGLSTIPLSSSECSSFELQQVSACSEPSMQMPKVGFAGFPSSRLDLTGPHFESSILSPCEDVTLTKYQVTVPRAALAPELALEIPSGSQADIPLPKTECSTDLQPPEGVPTSQAESHSGPLNSMIPVSLGQVSFPKFYKPKFVFSVPQMAVPEGDLHAAVGAPVMSPLSPGERVQCPLPSTQLPSPGTCVSQGPEELVASLQTSVVAPGEAPSEDADHEGKGSPLKMPKIKLPSFRWSPKKETGPKVDPECSVEDSKLSLVLDKDEVAPQSAIHMDLPPERDGEKGRSTKPGFAMPKLALPKMKASKSGVSLPQRDVDPSLSSATAGGSFQDTEKASSDGGRGGLGATASATGSEGVNLHRPQVHIPSLGFAKPDLRSSKAKVEVSQPEADLPLPKHDLSTEGDSRGCGLGDVPVSQPCGEGIAPTPEDPLQPSCRKPDAEVLTVESPEEEAMTKYSQESWFKMPKFRMPSLRRSFRDRGGAGKLEVAQTQAPAATGGEAAAKVKEFLVSGSNVEAAMSLQLPEADAEVTASESKSSTDILRCDLDSTGLKLHLSTAGMTGDELSTSEVRIHPSKGPLPFQMPGMRLPETQVLPGEIDETPLSKPGHDLASMEDKTEKWSSQPEGPLKLKASSTDMPSQISVVNVDQLWEDSVLTVKFPKLMVPRFSFPAPSSEDDVFIPTVREVQCPEANIDTALCKESPGLWGASILKAGAGVPGEQPVDLNLPLEAPPISKVRVHIQGAQVESQEVTIHSIVTPEFVDLSVPRTFSTQIVRESEIPTSEIQTPSYGFSLLKVKIPEPHTQARVYTTMTQHSRTQEGTEEAPIQATPGVDSISGDLQPDTGEPFEMISSSVNVLGQQTLTFEVPSGHQLADSCSDEEPAEILEFPPDDSQEATTPLADEGRAPKDKPESKKSGLLWFWLPNIGFSSSVDETGVDSKNDVQRSAPIQTQPEARPEAELPKKQEKAGWFRFPKLGFSSSPTKKSKSTEDGAELEEQKLQEETITFFDARESFSPEEKEEGELIGPVGTGLDSRVMVTSAARTELILPEQDRKADDESKGSGLGPNEG*|MSRPEAVQEATEVTLKTEVEAGASGYSVTGGGDQGIFVKQVLKDSSAAKLFNLREGDQLLSTTVFFENIKYEDALKILQYSEPYKVQFKIRRQLPAPQDEEWASSDAQHGPQGKEKEDTDVADGCRETPTKTLEGDGDQERLISKPRVGRGRQSQRERLSWPKFQSIKSKRGPGPQRSHSSSEAYEPRDAHDVSPTSTDTEAQLTVERQEQKAGPGSQRRRKFLNLRFRTGSGQGPSSTGQPGRGFQSGVGRAGVLEELGPWGDSLEETGAATGSRREERAEQDREVMPAQSMPLPTELGDPRLCEGTPQEGGLRAARLHGKTLEGQAQETAVAQRKPRAQPTPGMSREGEGEGLQSLEIGIARLSLRDTTEGGTQIGPPEIRVRVHDLKTPKFAFSTEKEPERERRLSTPQRGKRQDASSKAGTGLKGEEVEGAGWMPGREPTTHAEAQGDEGDGEEGLQRTRITEEQDKGREDTEGQIRMPKFKIPSLGWSPSKHTKTGREKATEDTEQGREGEATATADRREQRRTEEGLKDKEDSDSMTNTTKIQLIHDEKRLKKEQILTEKEVATKDSKFKMPKFKMPLFGASAPGKSMEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLLSMQGDLKTTDLSVQTPSADLEVQDGQVDVKLPEGPLPEGASLKGHLPKVQRPSLKMPKVDLKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKEVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEDSVDVSAPKVEADVSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGPKVHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDGEVSLPSMEVDVQAQKAKLDGAWLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIKALVDVSAPKVEADLSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPASTDLKVQADQVDVKLPEGHLPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVALKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKSPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDSARLEGELSLADKDVTAKDSRFKMPKFKMPSFGASAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLEVHAGQVDVKLLEGHVPEGAGFKGHLPKVQMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVEVRGPKLDLKGHKAEVTAHEVAVSLPSVEVDMQAPGAKLDGAQLDGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDLSAPKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSTDLELQAGQLDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGGRLEEDMSLADKDLTTKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVSEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKVEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGAQLEGDLSLADKAVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSEPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQSPSADLEVQAGQVNVKLPEGPLPEGAGFKGHLPKVQMPSLKMPKVALKGPQMDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVMAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDSVRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEAEVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLCIPLPSADLVVQAGQVDMKLPEGQVPEGAGLKGHLPKVDMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQTDVKGAKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSMEVDVQAQKAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGRSIEASVDVPAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLKVQTGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEMRVPDVEVSLPSMEVDVQAPRAKLDSAHLQGDLTLANKDLTTKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSPPKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPLSADVKVQAGQVDVKLLEGPVPEEVGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVKAPGAKLDGARLEGDMSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMLSFGVSALGKSIEASADVSALKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSVQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKTDVMAPDVEVSQPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGAWLEGDLSVADKDVTTKDSRFKIPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADGSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPEMDLKGPQLDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKGVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFRVSAPGESIEALVDVSELKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDISIQPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPEVDLKGPQIDVKGPNVDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKGMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSELKVEADGSFPSMQGDLKTTDIRIQPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEVSVDVSAPKVEAEVSLPSMQGDLKTTDISIEPPSAQLEVQAGQVDLKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDRKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKTDVTAPDVEVSQPGMEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEVLVDVSAPKVEADLSLPSMQGDLKNTDISIEPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVLEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDRKGPQIDIKGPKLDLKGPKMDVTAPDVEVSQPSMEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSYRASAPGKSIQASVDVSAPKAEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQLPSVDLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKSPQVDIKGPKLDLKVPKAEVTVPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLAEKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGRSIEASLDVSAPKVEADVSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAVQVDVELLEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSLKTPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVRVPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPKAKLDAGRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFRVSAPGKSMEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLKVQAGQMDVKLPEGQVPEGAGLKEHLPKVEMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVDIKGPKLDLKVSKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPRTKLDSAQLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVHVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPHSADLTVQARQVDMKLLEGHVPEEAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEASVDVTAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKATDLSVQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGASLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGVQLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEASVDVSELKAKADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQSPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPLPKGAGLKGHLPKVQMPCLKMPKVALKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKGPKADVMTPVVEVSLPSMEVDVEAPGAKLDSVRLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASLDVSALKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTHLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQEDVKLPEGPVHEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPQIDVNVPKLDLKGPKVEVTSPNLDVSLPSMEVDIQAPGAKLDSTRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGMLSPGKSIEVSVDVSAPKMEADMSIPSMQGDLKTTDLRIQAPSADLEVQAGQVDLKLPEGHMPEVAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVMAPDVEVSLPSVETDVQAPGSMLDGARLEGDLSLAHEDVAGKDSKFQGPKLSTSGFEWSSKKVSMSSSEIEGNVTFHEKTSTFPIVESVVHEGDLHDPSRDGNLGLAVGEVGMDSKFKKLHFKVPKVSFSSTKTPKDSLVPGAKSSIGLSTIPLSSSECSSFELQQVSACSEPSMQMPKVGFAGFPSSRLDLTGPHFESSILSPCEDVTLTKYQVTVPRAALAPELALEIPSGSQADIPLPKTECSTDLQPPEGVPTSQAESHSGPLNSMIPVSLGQVSFPKFYKPKFVFSVPQMAVPEGDLHAAVGAPVMSPLSPGERVQCPLPSTQLPSPGTCVSQGPEELVASLQTSVVAPGEAPSEDADHEGKGSPLKMPKIKLPSFRWSPKKETGPKVDPECSVEDSKLSLVLDKDEVAPQSAIHMDLPPERDGEKGRSTKPGFAMPKLALPKMKASKSGVSLPQRDVDPSLSSATAGGSFQDTEKASSDGGRGGLGATASATGSEGVNLHRPQVHIPSLGFAKPDLRSSKAKVEVSQPEADLPLPKHDLSTEGDSRGCGLGDVPVSQPCGEGIAPTPEDPLQPSCRKPDAEVLTVESPEEEAMTKYSQESWFKMPKFRMPSLRRSFRDRGGAGKLEVAQTQAPAATGGEAAAKVKEFLVSGSNVEAAMSLQLPEADAEVTASESKSSTDILRCDLDSTGLKLHLSTAGMTGDELSTSEVRIHPSKGPLPFQMPGMRLPETQVLPGEIDETPLSKPGHDLASMEDKTEKWSSQPEGPLKLKASSTDMPSQISVVNVDQLWEDSVLTVKFPKLMVPRFSFPAPSSEDDVFIPTVREVQCPEANIDTALCKESPGLWGASILKAGAGVPGEQPVDLNLPLEAPPISKVRVHIQGAQVESQEVTIHSIVTPEFVDLSVPRTFSTQIVRESEIPTSEIQTPSYGFSLLKVKIPEPHTQARVYTTMTQHSRTQEGTEEAPIQATPGVDSISGDLQPDTGEPFEMISSSVNVLGQQTLTFEVPSGHQLADSCSDEEPAEILEFPPDDSQEATTPLADEGRAPKDKPESKKSGLLWFWLPNIGFSSSVDETGVDSKNDVQRSAPIQTQPEARPEAELPKKQEKAGWFRFPKLGFSSSPTKKSKSTEDGAELEEQKLQEETITFFDARESFSPEEKEEGELIGPVGTGLDSRVMVTSAARTELILPEQDRKADDESKGSGLGPNEG*
chr14:104944119:C/T:1	chr14	104944119	C|T	1	AHNAK2	NM_138420	113146	coding	11469	11332	3778	A>T	nonsyn	None	MCDCFHMVLPTWPGTPGSVSGRQLQPGEPGAETEDDHSVTEGPADEGIRPRPQGSSPVYEYTTEAADFGLQEDAPGRQGSAGRRRSWWKRDSGDSRTFFRMSRPEAVQEATEVTLKTEVEAGASGYSVTGGGDQGIFVKQVLKDSSAAKLFNLREGDQLLSTTVFFENIKYEDALKILQYSEPYKVQFKIRRQLPAPQDEEWASSDAQHGPQGKEKEDTDVADGCRETPTKTLEGDGDQERLISKPRVGRGRQSQRERLSWPKFQSIKSKRGPGPQRSHSSSEAYEPRDAHDVSPTSTDTEAQLTVERQEQKAGPGSQRRRKFLNLRFRTGSGQGPSSTGQPGRGFQSGVGRAGVLEELGPWGDSLEETGAATGSRREERAEQDREVMPAQSMPLPTELGDPRLCEGTPQEGGLRAARLHGKTLEGQAQETAVAQRKPRAQPTPGMSREGEGEGLQSLEIGIARLSLRDTTEGGTQIGPPEIRVRVHDLKTPKFAFSTEKEPERERRLSTPQRGKRQDASSKAGTGLKGEEVEGAGWMPGREPTTHAEAQGDEGDGEEGLQRTRITEEQDKGREDTEGQIRMPKFKIPSLGWSPSKHTKTGREKATEDTEQGREGEATATADRREQRRTEEGLKDKEDSDSMTNTTKIQLIHDEKRLKKEQILTEKEVATKDSKFKMPKFKMPLFGASAPGKSMEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLLSMQGDLKTTDLSVQTPSADLEVQDGQVDVKLPEGPLPEGASLKGHLPKVQRPSLKMPKVDLKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKEVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEDSVDVSAPKVEADVSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGPKVHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDGEVSLPSMEVDVQAQKAKLDGAWLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIKALVDVSAPKVEADLSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPASTDLKVQADQVDVKLPEGHLPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVALKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKSPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDSARLEGELSLADKDVTAKDSRFKMPKFKMPSFGASAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLEVHAGQVDVKLLEGHVPEGAGFKGHLPKVQMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVEVRGPKLDLKGHKAEVTAHEVAVSLPSVEVDMQAPGAKLDGAQLDGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDLSAPKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSTDLELQAGQLDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGGRLEEDMSLADKDLTTKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVSEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKVEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGAQLEGDLSLADKAVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSEPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQSPSADLEVQAGQVNVKLPEGPLPEGAGFKGHLPKVQMPSLKMPKVALKGPQMDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVMAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDSVRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEAEVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLCIPLPSADLVVQAGQVDMKLPEGQVPEGAGLKGHLPKVDMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQTDVKGAKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSMEVDVQAQKAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGRSIEASVDVPAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLKVQTGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEMRVPDVEVSLPSMEVDVQAPRAKLDSAHLQGDLTLANKDLTTKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSPPKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPLSADVKVQAGQVDVKLLEGPVPEEVGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVKAPGAKLDGARLEGDMSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMLSFGVSALGKSIEASADVSALKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSVQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKTDVMAPDVEVSQPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGAWLEGDLSVADKDVTTKDSRFKIPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADGSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPEMDLKGPQLDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKGVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFRVSAPGESIEALVDVSELKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDISIQPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPEVDLKGPQIDVKGPNVDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKGMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSELKVEADGSFPSMQGDLKTTDIRIQPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEVSVDVSAPKVEAEVSLPSMQGDLKTTDISIEPPSAQLEVQAGQVDLKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDRKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKTDVTAPDVEVSQPGMEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEVLVDVSAPKVEADLSLPSMQGDLKNTDISIEPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVLEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDRKGPQIDIKGPKLDLKGPKMDVTAPDVEVSQPSMEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSYRASAPGKSIQASVDVSAPKAEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQLPSVDLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKSPQVDIKGPKLDLKVPKAEVTVPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLAEKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGRSIEASLDVSAPKVEADVSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAVQVDVELLEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSLKTPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVRVPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPKAKLDAGRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFRVSAPGKSMEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLKVQAGQMDVKLPEGQVPEGAGLKEHLPKVEMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVDIKGPKLDLKVSKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPRAKLDSAQLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVHVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPHSADLTVQARQVDMKLLEGHVPEEAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEASVDVTAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKATDLSVQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGASLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGVQLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEASVDVSELKAKADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQSPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPLPKGAGLKGHLPKVQMPCLKMPKVALKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKGPKADVMTPVVEVSLPSMEVDVEAPGAKLDSVRLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASLDVSALKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTHLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQEDVKLPEGPVHEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPQIDVNVPKLDLKGPKVEVTSPNLDVSLPSMEVDIQAPGAKLDSTRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGMLSPGKSIEVSVDVSAPKMEADMSIPSMQGDLKTTDLRIQAPSADLEVQAGQVDLKLPEGHMPEVAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVMAPDVEVSLPSVETDVQAPGSMLDGARLEGDLSLAHEDVAGKDSKFQGPKLSTSGFEWSSKKVSMSSSEIEGNVTFHEKTSTFPIVESVVHEGDLHDPSRDGNLGLAVGEVGMDSKFKKLHFKVPKVSFSSTKTPKDSLVPGAKSSIGLSTIPLSSSECSSFELQQVSACSEPSMQMPKVGFAGFPSSRLDLTGPHFESSILSPCEDVTLTKYQVTVPRAALAPELALEIPSGSQADIPLPKTECSTDLQPPEGVPTSQAESHSGPLNSMIPVSLGQVSFPKFYKPKFVFSVPQMAVPEGDLHAAVGAPVMSPLSPGERVQCPLPSTQLPSPGTCVSQGPEELVASLQTSVVAPGEAPSEDADHEGKGSPLKMPKIKLPSFRWSPKKETGPKVDPECSVEDSKLSLVLDKDEVAPQSAIHMDLPPERDGEKGRSTKPGFAMPKLALPKMKASKSGVSLPQRDVDPSLSSATAGGSFQDTEKASSDGGRGGLGATASATGSEGVNLHRPQVHIPSLGFAKPDLRSSKAKVEVSQPEADLPLPKHDLSTEGDSRGCGLGDVPVSQPCGEGIAPTPEDPLQPSCRKPDAEVLTVESPEEEAMTKYSQESWFKMPKFRMPSLRRSFRDRGGAGKLEVAQTQAPAATGGEAAAKVKEFLVSGSNVEAAMSLQLPEADAEVTASESKSSTDILRCDLDSTGLKLHLSTAGMTGDELSTSEVRIHPSKGPLPFQMPGMRLPETQVLPGEIDETPLSKPGHDLASMEDKTEKWSSQPEGPLKLKASSTDMPSQISVVNVDQLWEDSVLTVKFPKLMVPRFSFPAPSSEDDVFIPTVREVQCPEANIDTALCKESPGLWGASILKAGAGVPGEQPVDLNLPLEAPPISKVRVHIQGAQVESQEVTIHSIVTPEFVDLSVPRTFSTQIVRESEIPTSEIQTPSYGFSLLKVKIPEPHTQARVYTTMTQHSRTQEGTEEAPIQATPGVDSISGDLQPDTGEPFEMISSSVNVLGQQTLTFEVPSGHQLADSCSDEEPAEILEFPPDDSQEATTPLADEGRAPKDKPESKKSGLLWFWLPNIGFSSSVDETGVDSKNDVQRSAPIQTQPEARPEAELPKKQEKAGWFRFPKLGFSSSPTKKSKSTEDGAELEEQKLQEETITFFDARESFSPEEKEEGELIGPVGTGLDSRVMVTSAARTELILPEQDRKADDESKGSGLGPNEG*|MCDCFHMVLPTWPGTPGSVSGRQLQPGEPGAETEDDHSVTEGPADEGIRPRPQGSSPVYEYTTEAADFGLQEDAPGRQGSAGRRRSWWKRDSGDSRTFFRMSRPEAVQEATEVTLKTEVEAGASGYSVTGGGDQGIFVKQVLKDSSAAKLFNLREGDQLLSTTVFFENIKYEDALKILQYSEPYKVQFKIRRQLPAPQDEEWASSDAQHGPQGKEKEDTDVADGCRETPTKTLEGDGDQERLISKPRVGRGRQSQRERLSWPKFQSIKSKRGPGPQRSHSSSEAYEPRDAHDVSPTSTDTEAQLTVERQEQKAGPGSQRRRKFLNLRFRTGSGQGPSSTGQPGRGFQSGVGRAGVLEELGPWGDSLEETGAATGSRREERAEQDREVMPAQSMPLPTELGDPRLCEGTPQEGGLRAARLHGKTLEGQAQETAVAQRKPRAQPTPGMSREGEGEGLQSLEIGIARLSLRDTTEGGTQIGPPEIRVRVHDLKTPKFAFSTEKEPERERRLSTPQRGKRQDASSKAGTGLKGEEVEGAGWMPGREPTTHAEAQGDEGDGEEGLQRTRITEEQDKGREDTEGQIRMPKFKIPSLGWSPSKHTKTGREKATEDTEQGREGEATATADRREQRRTEEGLKDKEDSDSMTNTTKIQLIHDEKRLKKEQILTEKEVATKDSKFKMPKFKMPLFGASAPGKSMEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLLSMQGDLKTTDLSVQTPSADLEVQDGQVDVKLPEGPLPEGASLKGHLPKVQRPSLKMPKVDLKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKEVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEDSVDVSAPKVEADVSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGPKVHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDGEVSLPSMEVDVQAQKAKLDGAWLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIKALVDVSAPKVEADLSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPASTDLKVQADQVDVKLPEGHLPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVALKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKSPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDSARLEGELSLADKDVTAKDSRFKMPKFKMPSFGASAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLEVHAGQVDVKLLEGHVPEGAGFKGHLPKVQMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVEVRGPKLDLKGHKAEVTAHEVAVSLPSVEVDMQAPGAKLDGAQLDGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDLSAPKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSTDLELQAGQLDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGGRLEEDMSLADKDLTTKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVSEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKVEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGAQLEGDLSLADKAVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSEPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQSPSADLEVQAGQVNVKLPEGPLPEGAGFKGHLPKVQMPSLKMPKVALKGPQMDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVMAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDSVRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEAEVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLCIPLPSADLVVQAGQVDMKLPEGQVPEGAGLKGHLPKVDMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQTDVKGAKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSMEVDVQAQKAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGRSIEASVDVPAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLKVQTGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEMRVPDVEVSLPSMEVDVQAPRAKLDSAHLQGDLTLANKDLTTKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSPPKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPLSADVKVQAGQVDVKLLEGPVPEEVGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVKAPGAKLDGARLEGDMSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMLSFGVSALGKSIEASADVSALKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSVQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKTDVMAPDVEVSQPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGAWLEGDLSVADKDVTTKDSRFKIPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADGSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPEMDLKGPQLDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKGVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFRVSAPGESIEALVDVSELKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDISIQPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPEVDLKGPQIDVKGPNVDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKGMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSELKVEADGSFPSMQGDLKTTDIRIQPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEVSVDVSAPKVEAEVSLPSMQGDLKTTDISIEPPSAQLEVQAGQVDLKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDRKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKTDVTAPDVEVSQPGMEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEVLVDVSAPKVEADLSLPSMQGDLKNTDISIEPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVLEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDRKGPQIDIKGPKLDLKGPKMDVTAPDVEVSQPSMEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSYRASAPGKSIQASVDVSAPKAEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQLPSVDLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKSPQVDIKGPKLDLKVPKAEVTVPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLAEKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGRSIEASLDVSAPKVEADVSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAVQVDVELLEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSLKTPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVRVPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPKAKLDAGRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFRVSAPGKSMEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLKVQAGQMDVKLPEGQVPEGAGLKEHLPKVEMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVDIKGPKLDLKVSKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPRTKLDSAQLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVHVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPHSADLTVQARQVDMKLLEGHVPEEAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEASVDVTAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKATDLSVQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGASLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGVQLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEASVDVSELKAKADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQSPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPLPKGAGLKGHLPKVQMPCLKMPKVALKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKGPKADVMTPVVEVSLPSMEVDVEAPGAKLDSVRLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASLDVSALKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTHLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQEDVKLPEGPVHEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPQIDVNVPKLDLKGPKVEVTSPNLDVSLPSMEVDIQAPGAKLDSTRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGMLSPGKSIEVSVDVSAPKMEADMSIPSMQGDLKTTDLRIQAPSADLEVQAGQVDLKLPEGHMPEVAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVMAPDVEVSLPSVETDVQAPGSMLDGARLEGDLSLAHEDVAGKDSKFQGPKLSTSGFEWSSKKVSMSSSEIEGNVTFHEKTSTFPIVESVVHEGDLHDPSRDGNLGLAVGEVGMDSKFKKLHFKVPKVSFSSTKTPKDSLVPGAKSSIGLSTIPLSSSECSSFELQQVSACSEPSMQMPKVGFAGFPSSRLDLTGPHFESSILSPCEDVTLTKYQVTVPRAALAPELALEIPSGSQADIPLPKTECSTDLQPPEGVPTSQAESHSGPLNSMIPVSLGQVSFPKFYKPKFVFSVPQMAVPEGDLHAAVGAPVMSPLSPGERVQCPLPSTQLPSPGTCVSQGPEELVASLQTSVVAPGEAPSEDADHEGKGSPLKMPKIKLPSFRWSPKKETGPKVDPECSVEDSKLSLVLDKDEVAPQSAIHMDLPPERDGEKGRSTKPGFAMPKLALPKMKASKSGVSLPQRDVDPSLSSATAGGSFQDTEKASSDGGRGGLGATASATGSEGVNLHRPQVHIPSLGFAKPDLRSSKAKVEVSQPEADLPLPKHDLSTEGDSRGCGLGDVPVSQPCGEGIAPTPEDPLQPSCRKPDAEVLTVESPEEEAMTKYSQESWFKMPKFRMPSLRRSFRDRGGAGKLEVAQTQAPAATGGEAAAKVKEFLVSGSNVEAAMSLQLPEADAEVTASESKSSTDILRCDLDSTGLKLHLSTAGMTGDELSTSEVRIHPSKGPLPFQMPGMRLPETQVLPGEIDETPLSKPGHDLASMEDKTEKWSSQPEGPLKLKASSTDMPSQISVVNVDQLWEDSVLTVKFPKLMVPRFSFPAPSSEDDVFIPTVREVQCPEANIDTALCKESPGLWGASILKAGAGVPGEQPVDLNLPLEAPPISKVRVHIQGAQVESQEVTIHSIVTPEFVDLSVPRTFSTQIVRESEIPTSEIQTPSYGFSLLKVKIPEPHTQARVYTTMTQHSRTQEGTEEAPIQATPGVDSISGDLQPDTGEPFEMISSSVNVLGQQTLTFEVPSGHQLADSCSDEEPAEILEFPPDDSQEATTPLADEGRAPKDKPESKKSGLLWFWLPNIGFSSSVDETGVDSKNDVQRSAPIQTQPEARPEAELPKKQEKAGWFRFPKLGFSSSPTKKSKSTEDGAELEEQKLQEETITFFDARESFSPEEKEEGELIGPVGTGLDSRVMVTSAARTELILPEQDRKADDESKGSGLGPNEG*
chr14:104945672:A/G:1	chr14	104945672	A|G	1	AHNAK2	NM_001350929	113146	coding	9752	9479	3160	M>T	nonsyn	None	MSRPEAVQEATEVTLKTEVEAGASGYSVTGGGDQGIFVKQVLKDSSAAKLFNLREGDQLLSTTVFFENIKYEDALKILQYSEPYKVQFKIRRQLPAPQDEEWASSDAQHGPQGKEKEDTDVADGCRETPTKTLEGDGDQERLISKPRVGRGRQSQRERLSWPKFQSIKSKRGPGPQRSHSSSEAYEPRDAHDVSPTSTDTEAQLTVERQEQKAGPGSQRRRKFLNLRFRTGSGQGPSSTGQPGRGFQSGVGRAGVLEELGPWGDSLEETGAATGSRREERAEQDREVMPAQSMPLPTELGDPRLCEGTPQEGGLRAARLHGKTLEGQAQETAVAQRKPRAQPTPGMSREGEGEGLQSLEIGIARLSLRDTTEGGTQIGPPEIRVRVHDLKTPKFAFSTEKEPERERRLSTPQRGKRQDASSKAGTGLKGEEVEGAGWMPGREPTTHAEAQGDEGDGEEGLQRTRITEEQDKGREDTEGQIRMPKFKIPSLGWSPSKHTKTGREKATEDTEQGREGEATATADRREQRRTEEGLKDKEDSDSMTNTTKIQLIHDEKRLKKEQILTEKEVATKDSKFKMPKFKMPLFGASAPGKSMEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLLSMQGDLKTTDLSVQTPSADLEVQDGQVDVKLPEGPLPEGASLKGHLPKVQRPSLKMPKVDLKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKEVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEDSVDVSAPKVEADVSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGPKVHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDGEVSLPSMEVDVQAQKAKLDGAWLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIKALVDVSAPKVEADLSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPASTDLKVQADQVDVKLPEGHLPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVALKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKSPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDSARLEGELSLADKDVTAKDSRFKMPKFKMPSFGASAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLEVHAGQVDVKLLEGHVPEGAGFKGHLPKVQMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVEVRGPKLDLKGHKAEVTAHEVAVSLPSVEVDMQAPGAKLDGAQLDGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDLSAPKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSTDLELQAGQLDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGGRLEEDMSLADKDLTTKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVSEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKVEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGAQLEGDLSLADKAVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSEPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQSPSADLEVQAGQVNVKLPEGPLPEGAGFKGHLPKVQMPSLKMPKVALKGPQMDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVMAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDSVRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEAEVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLCIPLPSADLVVQAGQVDMKLPEGQVPEGAGLKGHLPKVDMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQTDVKGAKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSMEVDVQAQKAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGRSIEASVDVPAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLKVQTGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEMRVPDVEVSLPSMEVDVQAPRAKLDSAHLQGDLTLANKDLTTKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSPPKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPLSADVKVQAGQVDVKLLEGPVPEEVGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVKAPGAKLDGARLEGDMSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMLSFGVSALGKSIEASADVSALKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSVQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKTDVMAPDVEVSQPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGAWLEGDLSVADKDVTTKDSRFKIPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADGSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPEMDLKGPQLDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKGVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFRVSAPGESIEALVDVSELKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDISIQPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPEVDLKGPQIDVKGPNVDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKGMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSELKVEADGSFPSMQGDLKTTDIRIQPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEVSVDVSAPKVEAEVSLPSMQGDLKTTDISIEPPSAQLEVQAGQVDLKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDRKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKTDVTAPDVEVSQPGMEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEVLVDVSAPKVEADLSLPSMQGDLKNTDISIEPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVLEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDRKGPQIDIKGPKLDLKGPKMDVTAPDVEVSQPSMEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSYRASAPGKSIQASVDVSAPKAEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQLPSVDLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKSPQVDIKGPKLDLKVPKAEVTVPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLAEKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGRSIEASLDVSAPKVEADVSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAVQVDVELLEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSLKTPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVRVPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPKAKLDAGRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFRVSAPGKSMEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLKVQAGQMDVKLPEGQVPEGAGLKEHLPKVEMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVDIKGPKLDLKVSKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPRAKLDSAQLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVHVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPHSADLTVQARQVDMKLLEGHVPEEAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEASVDVTAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKATDLSVQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGASLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGVQLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEASVDVSELKAKADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQSPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPLPKGAGLKGHLPKVQMPCLKMPKVALKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKGPKADVMTPVVEVSLPSMEVDVEAPGAKLDSVRLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASLDVSALKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTHLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQEDVKLPEGPVHEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPQIDVNVPKLDLKGPKVEVTSPNLDVSLPSMEVDIQAPGAKLDSTRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGMLSPGKSIEVSVDVSAPKMEADMSIPSMQGDLKTTDLRIQAPSADLEVQAGQVDLKLPEGHMPEVAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVMAPDVEVSLPSVETDVQAPGSMLDGARLEGDLSLAHEDVAGKDSKFQGPKLSTSGFEWSSKKVSMSSSEIEGNVTFHEKTSTFPIVESVVHEGDLHDPSRDGNLGLAVGEVGMDSKFKKLHFKVPKVSFSSTKTPKDSLVPGAKSSIGLSTIPLSSSECSSFELQQVSACSEPSMQMPKVGFAGFPSSRLDLTGPHFESSILSPCEDVTLTKYQVTVPRAALAPELALEIPSGSQADIPLPKTECSTDLQPPEGVPTSQAESHSGPLNSMIPVSLGQVSFPKFYKPKFVFSVPQMAVPEGDLHAAVGAPVMSPLSPGERVQCPLPSTQLPSPGTCVSQGPEELVASLQTSVVAPGEAPSEDADHEGKGSPLKMPKIKLPSFRWSPKKETGPKVDPECSVEDSKLSLVLDKDEVAPQSAIHMDLPPERDGEKGRSTKPGFAMPKLALPKMKASKSGVSLPQRDVDPSLSSATAGGSFQDTEKASSDGGRGGLGATASATGSEGVNLHRPQVHIPSLGFAKPDLRSSKAKVEVSQPEADLPLPKHDLSTEGDSRGCGLGDVPVSQPCGEGIAPTPEDPLQPSCRKPDAEVLTVESPEEEAMTKYSQESWFKMPKFRMPSLRRSFRDRGGAGKLEVAQTQAPAATGGEAAAKVKEFLVSGSNVEAAMSLQLPEADAEVTASESKSSTDILRCDLDSTGLKLHLSTAGMTGDELSTSEVRIHPSKGPLPFQMPGMRLPETQVLPGEIDETPLSKPGHDLASMEDKTEKWSSQPEGPLKLKASSTDMPSQISVVNVDQLWEDSVLTVKFPKLMVPRFSFPAPSSEDDVFIPTVREVQCPEANIDTALCKESPGLWGASILKAGAGVPGEQPVDLNLPLEAPPISKVRVHIQGAQVESQEVTIHSIVTPEFVDLSVPRTFSTQIVRESEIPTSEIQTPSYGFSLLKVKIPEPHTQARVYTTMTQHSRTQEGTEEAPIQATPGVDSISGDLQPDTGEPFEMISSSVNVLGQQTLTFEVPSGHQLADSCSDEEPAEILEFPPDDSQEATTPLADEGRAPKDKPESKKSGLLWFWLPNIGFSSSVDETGVDSKNDVQRSAPIQTQPEARPEAELPKKQEKAGWFRFPKLGFSSSPTKKSKSTEDGAELEEQKLQEETITFFDARESFSPEEKEEGELIGPVGTGLDSRVMVTSAARTELILPEQDRKADDESKGSGLGPNEG*|MSRPEAVQEATEVTLKTEVEAGASGYSVTGGGDQGIFVKQVLKDSSAAKLFNLREGDQLLSTTVFFENIKYEDALKILQYSEPYKVQFKIRRQLPAPQDEEWASSDAQHGPQGKEKEDTDVADGCRETPTKTLEGDGDQERLISKPRVGRGRQSQRERLSWPKFQSIKSKRGPGPQRSHSSSEAYEPRDAHDVSPTSTDTEAQLTVERQEQKAGPGSQRRRKFLNLRFRTGSGQGPSSTGQPGRGFQSGVGRAGVLEELGPWGDSLEETGAATGSRREERAEQDREVMPAQSMPLPTELGDPRLCEGTPQEGGLRAARLHGKTLEGQAQETAVAQRKPRAQPTPGMSREGEGEGLQSLEIGIARLSLRDTTEGGTQIGPPEIRVRVHDLKTPKFAFSTEKEPERERRLSTPQRGKRQDASSKAGTGLKGEEVEGAGWMPGREPTTHAEAQGDEGDGEEGLQRTRITEEQDKGREDTEGQIRMPKFKIPSLGWSPSKHTKTGREKATEDTEQGREGEATATADRREQRRTEEGLKDKEDSDSMTNTTKIQLIHDEKRLKKEQILTEKEVATKDSKFKMPKFKMPLFGASAPGKSMEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLLSMQGDLKTTDLSVQTPSADLEVQDGQVDVKLPEGPLPEGASLKGHLPKVQRPSLKMPKVDLKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKEVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEDSVDVSAPKVEADVSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGPKVHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDGEVSLPSMEVDVQAQKAKLDGAWLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIKALVDVSAPKVEADLSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPASTDLKVQADQVDVKLPEGHLPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVALKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKSPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDSARLEGELSLADKDVTAKDSRFKMPKFKMPSFGASAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLEVHAGQVDVKLLEGHVPEGAGFKGHLPKVQMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVEVRGPKLDLKGHKAEVTAHEVAVSLPSVEVDMQAPGAKLDGAQLDGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDLSAPKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSTDLELQAGQLDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGGRLEEDMSLADKDLTTKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVSEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKVEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGAQLEGDLSLADKAVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSEPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQSPSADLEVQAGQVNVKLPEGPLPEGAGFKGHLPKVQMPSLKMPKVALKGPQMDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVMAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDSVRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEAEVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLCIPLPSADLVVQAGQVDMKLPEGQVPEGAGLKGHLPKVDMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQTDVKGAKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSMEVDVQAQKAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGRSIEASVDVPAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLKVQTGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEMRVPDVEVSLPSMEVDVQAPRAKLDSAHLQGDLTLANKDLTTKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSPPKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPLSADVKVQAGQVDVKLLEGPVPEEVGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVKAPGAKLDGARLEGDMSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMLSFGVSALGKSIEASADVSALKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSVQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKTDVMAPDVEVSQPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGAWLEGDLSVADKDVTTKDSRFKIPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADGSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPEMDLKGPQLDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKGVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFRVSAPGESIEALVDVSELKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDISIQPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPEVDLKGPQIDVKGPNVDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKGMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSELKVEADGSFPSMQGDLKTTDIRIQPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEVSVDVSAPKVEAEVSLPSMQGDLKTTDISIEPPSAQLEVQAGQVDLKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDRKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKTDVTAPDVEVSQPGMEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEVLVDVSAPKVEADLSLPSMQGDLKNTDISIEPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVLEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDRKGPQIDIKGPKLDLKGPKTDVTAPDVEVSQPSMEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSYRASAPGKSIQASVDVSAPKAEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQLPSVDLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKSPQVDIKGPKLDLKVPKAEVTVPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLAEKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGRSIEASLDVSAPKVEADVSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAVQVDVELLEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSLKTPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVRVPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPKAKLDAGRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFRVSAPGKSMEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLKVQAGQMDVKLPEGQVPEGAGLKEHLPKVEMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVDIKGPKLDLKVSKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPRAKLDSAQLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVHVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPHSADLTVQARQVDMKLLEGHVPEEAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEASVDVTAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKATDLSVQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGASLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGVQLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEASVDVSELKAKADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQSPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPLPKGAGLKGHLPKVQMPCLKMPKVALKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKGPKADVMTPVVEVSLPSMEVDVEAPGAKLDSVRLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASLDVSALKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTHLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQEDVKLPEGPVHEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPQIDVNVPKLDLKGPKVEVTSPNLDVSLPSMEVDIQAPGAKLDSTRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGMLSPGKSIEVSVDVSAPKMEADMSIPSMQGDLKTTDLRIQAPSADLEVQAGQVDLKLPEGHMPEVAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVMAPDVEVSLPSVETDVQAPGSMLDGARLEGDLSLAHEDVAGKDSKFQGPKLSTSGFEWSSKKVSMSSSEIEGNVTFHEKTSTFPIVESVVHEGDLHDPSRDGNLGLAVGEVGMDSKFKKLHFKVPKVSFSSTKTPKDSLVPGAKSSIGLSTIPLSSSECSSFELQQVSACSEPSMQMPKVGFAGFPSSRLDLTGPHFESSILSPCEDVTLTKYQVTVPRAALAPELALEIPSGSQADIPLPKTECSTDLQPPEGVPTSQAESHSGPLNSMIPVSLGQVSFPKFYKPKFVFSVPQMAVPEGDLHAAVGAPVMSPLSPGERVQCPLPSTQLPSPGTCVSQGPEELVASLQTSVVAPGEAPSEDADHEGKGSPLKMPKIKLPSFRWSPKKETGPKVDPECSVEDSKLSLVLDKDEVAPQSAIHMDLPPERDGEKGRSTKPGFAMPKLALPKMKASKSGVSLPQRDVDPSLSSATAGGSFQDTEKASSDGGRGGLGATASATGSEGVNLHRPQVHIPSLGFAKPDLRSSKAKVEVSQPEADLPLPKHDLSTEGDSRGCGLGDVPVSQPCGEGIAPTPEDPLQPSCRKPDAEVLTVESPEEEAMTKYSQESWFKMPKFRMPSLRRSFRDRGGAGKLEVAQTQAPAATGGEAAAKVKEFLVSGSNVEAAMSLQLPEADAEVTASESKSSTDILRCDLDSTGLKLHLSTAGMTGDELSTSEVRIHPSKGPLPFQMPGMRLPETQVLPGEIDETPLSKPGHDLASMEDKTEKWSSQPEGPLKLKASSTDMPSQISVVNVDQLWEDSVLTVKFPKLMVPRFSFPAPSSEDDVFIPTVREVQCPEANIDTALCKESPGLWGASILKAGAGVPGEQPVDLNLPLEAPPISKVRVHIQGAQVESQEVTIHSIVTPEFVDLSVPRTFSTQIVRESEIPTSEIQTPSYGFSLLKVKIPEPHTQARVYTTMTQHSRTQEGTEEAPIQATPGVDSISGDLQPDTGEPFEMISSSVNVLGQQTLTFEVPSGHQLADSCSDEEPAEILEFPPDDSQEATTPLADEGRAPKDKPESKKSGLLWFWLPNIGFSSSVDETGVDSKNDVQRSAPIQTQPEARPEAELPKKQEKAGWFRFPKLGFSSSPTKKSKSTEDGAELEEQKLQEETITFFDARESFSPEEKEEGELIGPVGTGLDSRVMVTSAARTELILPEQDRKADDESKGSGLGPNEG*
chr14:104945672:A/G:1	chr14	104945672	A|G	1	AHNAK2	NM_138420	113146	coding	9916	9779	3260	M>T	nonsyn	None	MCDCFHMVLPTWPGTPGSVSGRQLQPGEPGAETEDDHSVTEGPADEGIRPRPQGSSPVYEYTTEAADFGLQEDAPGRQGSAGRRRSWWKRDSGDSRTFFRMSRPEAVQEATEVTLKTEVEAGASGYSVTGGGDQGIFVKQVLKDSSAAKLFNLREGDQLLSTTVFFENIKYEDALKILQYSEPYKVQFKIRRQLPAPQDEEWASSDAQHGPQGKEKEDTDVADGCRETPTKTLEGDGDQERLISKPRVGRGRQSQRERLSWPKFQSIKSKRGPGPQRSHSSSEAYEPRDAHDVSPTSTDTEAQLTVERQEQKAGPGSQRRRKFLNLRFRTGSGQGPSSTGQPGRGFQSGVGRAGVLEELGPWGDSLEETGAATGSRREERAEQDREVMPAQSMPLPTELGDPRLCEGTPQEGGLRAARLHGKTLEGQAQETAVAQRKPRAQPTPGMSREGEGEGLQSLEIGIARLSLRDTTEGGTQIGPPEIRVRVHDLKTPKFAFSTEKEPERERRLSTPQRGKRQDASSKAGTGLKGEEVEGAGWMPGREPTTHAEAQGDEGDGEEGLQRTRITEEQDKGREDTEGQIRMPKFKIPSLGWSPSKHTKTGREKATEDTEQGREGEATATADRREQRRTEEGLKDKEDSDSMTNTTKIQLIHDEKRLKKEQILTEKEVATKDSKFKMPKFKMPLFGASAPGKSMEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLLSMQGDLKTTDLSVQTPSADLEVQDGQVDVKLPEGPLPEGASLKGHLPKVQRPSLKMPKVDLKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKEVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEDSVDVSAPKVEADVSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGPKVHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDGEVSLPSMEVDVQAQKAKLDGAWLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIKALVDVSAPKVEADLSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPASTDLKVQADQVDVKLPEGHLPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVALKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKSPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDSARLEGELSLADKDVTAKDSRFKMPKFKMPSFGASAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLEVHAGQVDVKLLEGHVPEGAGFKGHLPKVQMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVEVRGPKLDLKGHKAEVTAHEVAVSLPSVEVDMQAPGAKLDGAQLDGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDLSAPKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSTDLELQAGQLDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGGRLEEDMSLADKDLTTKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVSEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKVEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGAQLEGDLSLADKAVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSEPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQSPSADLEVQAGQVNVKLPEGPLPEGAGFKGHLPKVQMPSLKMPKVALKGPQMDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVMAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDSVRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEAEVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLCIPLPSADLVVQAGQVDMKLPEGQVPEGAGLKGHLPKVDMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQTDVKGAKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSMEVDVQAQKAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGRSIEASVDVPAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLKVQTGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEMRVPDVEVSLPSMEVDVQAPRAKLDSAHLQGDLTLANKDLTTKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSPPKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPLSADVKVQAGQVDVKLLEGPVPEEVGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVKAPGAKLDGARLEGDMSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMLSFGVSALGKSIEASADVSALKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSVQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKTDVMAPDVEVSQPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGAWLEGDLSVADKDVTTKDSRFKIPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADGSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPEMDLKGPQLDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKGVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFRVSAPGESIEALVDVSELKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDISIQPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPEVDLKGPQIDVKGPNVDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKGMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSELKVEADGSFPSMQGDLKTTDIRIQPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEVSVDVSAPKVEAEVSLPSMQGDLKTTDISIEPPSAQLEVQAGQVDLKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDRKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKTDVTAPDVEVSQPGMEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEVLVDVSAPKVEADLSLPSMQGDLKNTDISIEPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVLEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDRKGPQIDIKGPKLDLKGPKMDVTAPDVEVSQPSMEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSYRASAPGKSIQASVDVSAPKAEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQLPSVDLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKSPQVDIKGPKLDLKVPKAEVTVPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLAEKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGRSIEASLDVSAPKVEADVSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAVQVDVELLEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSLKTPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVRVPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPKAKLDAGRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFRVSAPGKSMEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLKVQAGQMDVKLPEGQVPEGAGLKEHLPKVEMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVDIKGPKLDLKVSKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPRAKLDSAQLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVHVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPHSADLTVQARQVDMKLLEGHVPEEAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEASVDVTAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKATDLSVQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGASLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGVQLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEASVDVSELKAKADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQSPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPLPKGAGLKGHLPKVQMPCLKMPKVALKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKGPKADVMTPVVEVSLPSMEVDVEAPGAKLDSVRLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASLDVSALKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTHLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQEDVKLPEGPVHEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPQIDVNVPKLDLKGPKVEVTSPNLDVSLPSMEVDIQAPGAKLDSTRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGMLSPGKSIEVSVDVSAPKMEADMSIPSMQGDLKTTDLRIQAPSADLEVQAGQVDLKLPEGHMPEVAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVMAPDVEVSLPSVETDVQAPGSMLDGARLEGDLSLAHEDVAGKDSKFQGPKLSTSGFEWSSKKVSMSSSEIEGNVTFHEKTSTFPIVESVVHEGDLHDPSRDGNLGLAVGEVGMDSKFKKLHFKVPKVSFSSTKTPKDSLVPGAKSSIGLSTIPLSSSECSSFELQQVSACSEPSMQMPKVGFAGFPSSRLDLTGPHFESSILSPCEDVTLTKYQVTVPRAALAPELALEIPSGSQADIPLPKTECSTDLQPPEGVPTSQAESHSGPLNSMIPVSLGQVSFPKFYKPKFVFSVPQMAVPEGDLHAAVGAPVMSPLSPGERVQCPLPSTQLPSPGTCVSQGPEELVASLQTSVVAPGEAPSEDADHEGKGSPLKMPKIKLPSFRWSPKKETGPKVDPECSVEDSKLSLVLDKDEVAPQSAIHMDLPPERDGEKGRSTKPGFAMPKLALPKMKASKSGVSLPQRDVDPSLSSATAGGSFQDTEKASSDGGRGGLGATASATGSEGVNLHRPQVHIPSLGFAKPDLRSSKAKVEVSQPEADLPLPKHDLSTEGDSRGCGLGDVPVSQPCGEGIAPTPEDPLQPSCRKPDAEVLTVESPEEEAMTKYSQESWFKMPKFRMPSLRRSFRDRGGAGKLEVAQTQAPAATGGEAAAKVKEFLVSGSNVEAAMSLQLPEADAEVTASESKSSTDILRCDLDSTGLKLHLSTAGMTGDELSTSEVRIHPSKGPLPFQMPGMRLPETQVLPGEIDETPLSKPGHDLASMEDKTEKWSSQPEGPLKLKASSTDMPSQISVVNVDQLWEDSVLTVKFPKLMVPRFSFPAPSSEDDVFIPTVREVQCPEANIDTALCKESPGLWGASILKAGAGVPGEQPVDLNLPLEAPPISKVRVHIQGAQVESQEVTIHSIVTPEFVDLSVPRTFSTQIVRESEIPTSEIQTPSYGFSLLKVKIPEPHTQARVYTTMTQHSRTQEGTEEAPIQATPGVDSISGDLQPDTGEPFEMISSSVNVLGQQTLTFEVPSGHQLADSCSDEEPAEILEFPPDDSQEATTPLADEGRAPKDKPESKKSGLLWFWLPNIGFSSSVDETGVDSKNDVQRSAPIQTQPEARPEAELPKKQEKAGWFRFPKLGFSSSPTKKSKSTEDGAELEEQKLQEETITFFDARESFSPEEKEEGELIGPVGTGLDSRVMVTSAARTELILPEQDRKADDESKGSGLGPNEG*|MCDCFHMVLPTWPGTPGSVSGRQLQPGEPGAETEDDHSVTEGPADEGIRPRPQGSSPVYEYTTEAADFGLQEDAPGRQGSAGRRRSWWKRDSGDSRTFFRMSRPEAVQEATEVTLKTEVEAGASGYSVTGGGDQGIFVKQVLKDSSAAKLFNLREGDQLLSTTVFFENIKYEDALKILQYSEPYKVQFKIRRQLPAPQDEEWASSDAQHGPQGKEKEDTDVADGCRETPTKTLEGDGDQERLISKPRVGRGRQSQRERLSWPKFQSIKSKRGPGPQRSHSSSEAYEPRDAHDVSPTSTDTEAQLTVERQEQKAGPGSQRRRKFLNLRFRTGSGQGPSSTGQPGRGFQSGVGRAGVLEELGPWGDSLEETGAATGSRREERAEQDREVMPAQSMPLPTELGDPRLCEGTPQEGGLRAARLHGKTLEGQAQETAVAQRKPRAQPTPGMSREGEGEGLQSLEIGIARLSLRDTTEGGTQIGPPEIRVRVHDLKTPKFAFSTEKEPERERRLSTPQRGKRQDASSKAGTGLKGEEVEGAGWMPGREPTTHAEAQGDEGDGEEGLQRTRITEEQDKGREDTEGQIRMPKFKIPSLGWSPSKHTKTGREKATEDTEQGREGEATATADRREQRRTEEGLKDKEDSDSMTNTTKIQLIHDEKRLKKEQILTEKEVATKDSKFKMPKFKMPLFGASAPGKSMEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLLSMQGDLKTTDLSVQTPSADLEVQDGQVDVKLPEGPLPEGASLKGHLPKVQRPSLKMPKVDLKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKEVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEDSVDVSAPKVEADVSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGPKVHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDGEVSLPSMEVDVQAQKAKLDGAWLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIKALVDVSAPKVEADLSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPASTDLKVQADQVDVKLPEGHLPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVALKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKSPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDSARLEGELSLADKDVTAKDSRFKMPKFKMPSFGASAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLEVHAGQVDVKLLEGHVPEGAGFKGHLPKVQMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVEVRGPKLDLKGHKAEVTAHEVAVSLPSVEVDMQAPGAKLDGAQLDGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDLSAPKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSTDLELQAGQLDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGGRLEEDMSLADKDLTTKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVSEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKVEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGAQLEGDLSLADKAVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSEPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQSPSADLEVQAGQVNVKLPEGPLPEGAGFKGHLPKVQMPSLKMPKVALKGPQMDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVMAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDSVRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEAEVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLCIPLPSADLVVQAGQVDMKLPEGQVPEGAGLKGHLPKVDMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQTDVKGAKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSMEVDVQAQKAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGRSIEASVDVPAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLKVQTGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEMRVPDVEVSLPSMEVDVQAPRAKLDSAHLQGDLTLANKDLTTKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSPPKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPLSADVKVQAGQVDVKLLEGPVPEEVGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVKAPGAKLDGARLEGDMSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMLSFGVSALGKSIEASADVSALKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSVQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKTDVMAPDVEVSQPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGAWLEGDLSVADKDVTTKDSRFKIPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSAPKVEADGSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPEMDLKGPQLDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKGVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFRVSAPGESIEALVDVSELKVEADMSLPSMQGDLKTTDISIQPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPEVDLKGPQIDVKGPNVDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKGMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVDVSELKVEADGSFPSMQGDLKTTDIRIQPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEVSVDVSAPKVEAEVSLPSMQGDLKTTDISIEPPSAQLEVQAGQVDLKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDRKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKTDVTAPDVEVSQPGMEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEVLVDVSAPKVEADLSLPSMQGDLKNTDISIEPPSAQLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVLEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKMPKVDRKGPQIDIKGPKLDLKGPKTDVTAPDVEVSQPSMEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSYRASAPGKSIQASVDVSAPKAEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQLPSVDLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGHVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKSPQVDIKGPKLDLKVPKAEVTVPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPRAKLDGARLEGDLSLAEKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGRSIEASLDVSAPKVEADVSLSSMQGDLKATDLSIQPPSADLEVQAVQVDVELLEGPVPEGAGLKGHLPKVEMPSLKTPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVRVPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPKAKLDAGRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFRVSAPGKSMEASVDVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPPSADLKVQAGQMDVKLPEGQVPEGAGLKEHLPKVEMPSLKMPKVDLKGPQVDIKGPKLDLKVSKAEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVQAPRAKLDSAQLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASVHVSAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQPHSADLTVQARQVDMKLLEGHVPEEAGLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPEIDIKGPKLDLKDPKVEVTAPDVEVSLPSVEVDVEAPGAKLDGARLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEASVDVTAPKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKATDLSVQPPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPVPEGASLKGHLPKVQMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQIDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVTAPDVKMSLSSMEVDVQAPRAKLDGVQLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSMEASVDVSELKAKADVSLPSMQGDLKTTDLSIQSPSADLEVQAGQVDVKLPEGPLPKGAGLKGHLPKVQMPCLKMPKVALKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKGPKADVMTPVVEVSLPSMEVDVEAPGAKLDSVRLEGDLSLADKDMTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGVSAPGKSIEASLDVSALKVEADVSLPSMQGDLKTTHLSIQPPSADLEVQAGQEDVKLPEGPVHEGAGLKGHLPKLQMPSFKVPKVDLKGPQIDVNVPKLDLKGPKVEVTSPNLDVSLPSMEVDIQAPGAKLDSTRLEGDLSLADKDVTAKDSKFKMPKFKMPSFGMLSPGKSIEVSVDVSAPKMEADMSIPSMQGDLKTTDLRIQAPSADLEVQAGQVDLKLPEGHMPEVAGLKGHLPKVEMPSFKMPKVDLKGPQVDVKGPKLDLKGPKAEVMAPDVEVSLPSVETDVQAPGSMLDGARLEGDLSLAHEDVAGKDSKFQGPKLSTSGFEWSSKKVSMSSSEIEGNVTFHEKTSTFPIVESVVHEGDLHDPSRDGNLGLAVGEVGMDSKFKKLHFKVPKVSFSSTKTPKDSLVPGAKSSIGLSTIPLSSSECSSFELQQVSACSEPSMQMPKVGFAGFPSSRLDLTGPHFESSILSPCEDVTLTKYQVTVPRAALAPELALEIPSGSQADIPLPKTECSTDLQPPEGVPTSQAESHSGPLNSMIPVSLGQVSFPKFYKPKFVFSVPQMAVPEGDLHAAVGAPVMSPLSPGERVQCPLPSTQLPSPGTCVSQGPEELVASLQTSVVAPGEAPSEDADHEGKGSPLKMPKIKLPSFRWSPKKETGPKVDPECSVEDSKLSLVLDKDEVAPQSAIHMDLPPERDGEKGRSTKPGFAMPKLALPKMKASKSGVSLPQRDVDPSLSSATAGGSFQDTEKASSDGGRGGLGATASATGSEGVNLHRPQVHIPSLGFAKPDLRSSKAKVEVSQPEADLPLPKHDLSTEGDSRGCGLGDVPVSQPCGEGIAPTPEDPLQPSCRKPDAEVLTVESPEEEAMTKYSQESWFKMPKFRMPSLRRSFRDRGGAGKLEVAQTQAPAATGGEAAAKVKEFLVSGSNVEAAMSLQLPEADAEVTASESKSSTDILRCDLDSTGLKLHLSTAGMTGDELSTSEVRIHPSKGPLPFQMPGMRLPETQVLPGEIDETPLSKPGHDLASMEDKTEKWSSQPEGPLKLKASSTDMPSQISVVNVDQLWEDSVLTVKFPKLMVPRFSFPAPSSEDDVFIPTVREVQCPEANIDTALCKESPGLWGASILKAGAGVPGEQPVDLNLPLEAPPISKVRVHIQGAQVESQEVTIHSIVTPEFVDLSVPRTFSTQIVRESEIPTSEIQTPSYGFSLLKVKIPEPHTQARVYTTMTQHSRTQEGTEEAPIQATPGVDSISGDLQPDTGEPFEMISSSVNVLGQQTLTFEVPSGHQLADSCSDEEPAEILEFPPDDSQEATTPLADEGRAPKDKPESKKSGLLWFWLPNIGFSSSVDETGVDSKNDVQRSAPIQTQPEARPEAELPKKQEKAGWFRFPKLGFSSSPTKKSKSTEDGAELEEQKLQEETITFFDARESFSPEEKEEGELIGPVGTGLDSRVMVTSAARTELILPEQDRKADDESKGSGLGPNEG*
chr14:105641644:C/T:1	chr14	105641644	C|T	1	MIR8071-1	NR_107038	102465871	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:105641644:C/T:1	chr14	105641644	C|T	1	MIR8071-2	NR_107059	102466889	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr14:105668499:G/C:1	chr14	105668499	G|C	1	ELK2AP	NR_046211	2003	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:20669598:T/A:1	chr15	20669598	T|A	1	NBEAP1	NR_027992	606	non-coding	418	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:26939977:C/A:1	chr15	26939977	C|A	1	GABRA5	NM_000810	2558	coding	966	777	259	Y>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MDNGMFSGFIMIKNLLLFCISMNLSSHFGFSQMPTSSVKDETNDNITIFTRILDGLLDGYDNRLRPGLGERITQVRTDIYVTSFGPVSDTEMEYTIDVFFRQSWKDERLRFKGPMQRLPLNNLLASKIWTPDTFFHNGKKSIAHNMTTPNKLLRLEDDGTLLYTMRLTISAECPMQLEDFPMDAHACPLKFGSYAYPNSEVVYVWTNGSTKSVVVAEDGSRLNQYHLMGQTVGTENISTSTGEYTIMTAHFHLKRKIGYFVIQTYLPCIMTVILSQVSFWLNRESVPARTVFGVTTVLTMTTLSISARNSLPKVAYATAMDWFIAVCYAFVFSALIEFATVNYFTKRGWAWDGKKALEAAKIKKKREVILNKSTNAFTTGKMSHPPNIPKEQTPAGTSNTTSVSVKPSEEKTSESKKTYNSISKIDKMSRIVFPVLFGTFNLVYWATYLNREPVIKGAASPK*|MDNGMFSGFIMIKNLLLFCISMNLSSHFGFSQMPTSSVKDETNDNITIFTRILDGLLDGYDNRLRPGLGERITQVRTDIYVTSFGPVSDTEMEYTIDVFFRQSWKDERLRFKGPMQRLPLNNLLASKIWTPDTFFHNGKKSIAHNMTTPNKLLRLEDDGTLLYTMRLTISAECPMQLEDFPMDAHACPLKFGSYAYPNSEVVYVWTNGSTKSVVVAEDGSRLNQYHLMGQTVGTENISTSTGEYTIMTAHFHLKRKIG*
chr15:26939977:C/A:1	chr15	26939977	C|A	1	GABRA5	NM_001165037	2558	coding	1175	777	259	Y>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MDNGMFSGFIMIKNLLLFCISMNLSSHFGFSQMPTSSVKDETNDNITIFTRILDGLLDGYDNRLRPGLGERITQVRTDIYVTSFGPVSDTEMEYTIDVFFRQSWKDERLRFKGPMQRLPLNNLLASKIWTPDTFFHNGKKSIAHNMTTPNKLLRLEDDGTLLYTMRLTISAECPMQLEDFPMDAHACPLKFGSYAYPNSEVVYVWTNGSTKSVVVAEDGSRLNQYHLMGQTVGTENISTSTGEYTIMTAHFHLKRKIGYFVIQTYLPCIMTVILSQVSFWLNRESVPARTVFGVTTVLTMTTLSISARNSLPKVAYATAMDWFIAVCYAFVFSALIEFATVNYFTKRGWAWDGKKALEAAKIKKKREVILNKSTNAFTTGKMSHPPNIPKEQTPAGTSNTTSVSVKPSEEKTSESKKTYNSISKIDKMSRIVFPVLFGTFNLVYWATYLNREPVIKGAASPK*|MDNGMFSGFIMIKNLLLFCISMNLSSHFGFSQMPTSSVKDETNDNITIFTRILDGLLDGYDNRLRPGLGERITQVRTDIYVTSFGPVSDTEMEYTIDVFFRQSWKDERLRFKGPMQRLPLNNLLASKIWTPDTFFHNGKKSIAHNMTTPNKLLRLEDDGTLLYTMRLTISAECPMQLEDFPMDAHACPLKFGSYAYPNSEVVYVWTNGSTKSVVVAEDGSRLNQYHLMGQTVGTENISTSTGEYTIMTAHFHLKRKIG*
chr15:28385062:C/T:1	chr15	28385062	C|T	1	MIR1268A	NR_031672	100302233	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	54244	None
chr15:28385062:C/T:1	chr15	28385062	C|T	1	GOLGA8G	NM_001350919	283768	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	63	None
chr15:28385062:C/T:1	chr15	28385062	C|T	1	GOLGA8F	NM_001350920	100132565	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	63	None
chr15:28385062:C/T:1	chr15	28385062	C|T	1	GOLGA8G	NM_001368078	283768	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	63	None
chr15:28385062:C/T:1	chr15	28385062	C|T	1	GOLGA8G	NM_001368080	283768	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	63	None
chr15:28385062:C/T:1	chr15	28385062	C|T	1	GOLGA8F	NR_033351	100132565	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	63	None
chr15:28815700:G/A:1	chr15	28815700	G|A	1	PDCD6IPP2	NR_037599	646278	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	105	None
chr15:32394171:C/G:1	chr15	32394171	C|G	1	LOC100288637	NR_038253	100288637	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	27511	None
chr15:32394171:C/G:1	chr15	32394171	C|G	1	LOC101928042	NR_135833	101928042	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	522	None
chr15:32394171:C/G:1	chr15	32394171	C|G	1	GOLGA8T	NM_001355469	653075	coding	1433	1335	445	Q>H	*nonsyn	None	MAEETQHNKLAAAKKKLKEYWQKNSPRVPAGANRNRKTNGSIPEKATSGGCQPPRDSATGFHREGPTSSATLKDLESPCQERAVVLDSRSVEISQLKNTIKSLKQQKKQVEHQLEEEKKANNKKQKAKRVLEVQIQTLNIQKEELNTDLYHMKRSLRYFEEKSKDLAVRLQHSLQRKGELESVLSNVMATQKKKANQLSSRSKARTEWKLEQSMREEALLKVQLTQLKESFQQVQLERDEYSEHLKGERARWQQRMRKMSQEICTLKKEKQQDMRRVEKLERSLSKLKNQMAEPLPPEPPAVPSEVELQHLRKELERVAGELQAQVKKNQRISLLNQRQEERIQEQEERLRKQEERIQEQHKSLQQLAKPQSVFEEPNNENKNALQLEQQVKELQEKLGEEHLEAASQQNQQLTAQLSLMALPGEGENIWTVRGRRHLSPCRVSQRTWRAGRP*AALWTT*RRRQT*VSW*KKNSASSTTGETDAIRKPITFYQNQGAVPKMRHWEEDTIRLELREEMKVKLLELQQMVLRLTATTTMGTENSWPLPTTLLMSPVQEPQLPRSLGLQTSMVIFVR*ASPPLPKERPGRILSLTSLLHSRSCRTTRSTQAWAATAVCHYFVGLGCQEEGD|MAEETQHNKLAAAKKKLKEYWQKNSPRVPAGANRNRKTNGSIPEKATSGGCQPPRDSATGFHREGPTSSATLKDLESPCQERAVVLDSRSVEISQLKNTIKSLKQQKKQVEHQLEEEKKANNKKQKAKRVLEVQIQTLNIQKEELNTDLYHMKRSLRYFEEKSKDLAVRLQHSLQRKGELESVLSNVMATQKKKANQLSSRSKARTEWKLEQSMREEALLKVQLTQLKESFQQVQLERDEYSEHLKGERARWQQRMRKMSQEICTLKKEKQQDMRRVEKLERSLSKLKNQMAEPLPPEPPAVPSEVELQHLRKELERVAGELQAQVKKNQRISLLNQRQEERIQEQEERLRKQEERIQEQHKSLQQLAKPQSVFEEPNNENKNALQLEQQVKELQEKLGEEHLEAASQQNQQLTAQLSLMALPGEGENIWTVRGRRHLSPCRVSHRTWRAGRP*AALWTT*RRRQT*VSW*KKNSASSTTGETDAIRKPITFYQNQGAVPKMRHWEEDTIRLELREEMKVKLLELQQMVLRLTATTTMGTENSWPLPTTLLMSPVQEPQLPRSLGLQTSMVIFVR*ASPPLPKERPGRILSLTSLLHSRSCRTTRSTQAWAATAVCHYFVGLGCQEEGD
chr15:32394171:C/G:1	chr15	32394171	C|G	1	GOLGA8K	NM_001282493	653125	coding	1437	1339	447	E>Q	nonsyn	None	MAEETQHNKLAAAKKKLKEYWQKNSPRVPAGANRNRKTNGSIPEKATSGGCQPPRDSATGFHREGPTSSATLKDLESPCQERAVVLDSRSVEISQLKNTIKSLKQQKKQVEHQLEEEKKANNKKQKAKRVLEVQIQTLNIQKEELNTDLYHMKRSLRYFEEKSKDLAVRLQHSLQRKGELESVLSNVMATQKKKANQLSSRSKARTEWKLEQSMREEALLKVQLTQLKESFQQVQLERDEYSEHLKGERARWQQRMRKMSQEICTLKKEKQQDMRRVEKLERSLSKLKNQMAEPLPPEPPAVPSEVELQHLRKELERVAGELQAQVKKNQRISLLNQRQEERIQEQEERLRKQEERIQEQHKSLQQLAKPQSVFEEPNNENKNALQLEQQVKELQEKLGEEHLEAASQQNQQLTAQLSLMALPGEGHGEHLDSEGEEAPQPMPSVPEDLESREAMSSFMDHLKEKADLSELVKKELCFIHHWRDRRHQKTHHLLSEPGGCAKDAALGGGHHQAGAQGGDEGEAAGAAADGIAAYSNYNNGHRKFLAAAHNPADEPGPGAPAPQELGAADKHGDLREVSLTSSAQGEAREDPLLDKPTAQPIVQDHKEHPGLGSNCCVPLFCWAWLPRRRR*|MAEETQHNKLAAAKKKLKEYWQKNSPRVPAGANRNRKTNGSIPEKATSGGCQPPRDSATGFHREGPTSSATLKDLESPCQERAVVLDSRSVEISQLKNTIKSLKQQKKQVEHQLEEEKKANNKKQKAKRVLEVQIQTLNIQKEELNTDLYHMKRSLRYFEEKSKDLAVRLQHSLQRKGELESVLSNVMATQKKKANQLSSRSKARTEWKLEQSMREEALLKVQLTQLKESFQQVQLERDEYSEHLKGERARWQQRMRKMSQEICTLKKEKQQDMRRVEKLERSLSKLKNQMAEPLPPEPPAVPSEVELQHLRKELERVAGELQAQVKKNQRISLLNQRQEERIQEQEERLRKQEERIQEQHKSLQQLAKPQSVFEEPNNENKNALQLEQQVKELQEKLGEEHLEAASQQNQQLTAQLSLMALPGEGHGEHLDSEGEEAPQPMPSVPQDLESREAMSSFMDHLKEKADLSELVKKELCFIHHWRDRRHQKTHHLLSEPGGCAKDAALGGGHHQAGAQGGDEGEAAGAAADGIAAYSNYNNGHRKFLAAAHNPADEPGPGAPAPQELGAADKHGDLREVSLTSSAQGEAREDPLLDKPTAQPIVQDHKEHPGLGSNCCVPLFCWAWLPRRRR*
chr15:33432668:T/G:1	chr15	33432668	T|G	1	RYR3	NM_001036	6263	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	40751	None
chr15:33432668:T/G:1	chr15	33432668	T|G	1	RYR3	NM_001243996	6263	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	40751	None
chr15:33653029:T/A:1	chr15	33653029	T|A	1	RYR3	NM_001036	6263	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	146	None
chr15:33653029:T/A:1	chr15	33653029	T|A	1	RYR3	NM_001243996	6263	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	146	None
chr15:34556906:A/T:1	chr15	34556906	A|T	1	GOLGA8B	NR_027410	440270	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2950	None
chr15:40338412:A/G:1	chr15	40338412	A|G	1	CCDC9B	NM_207380	388115	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	123	None
chr15:40651961:A/T:1	chr15	40651961	A|T	1	KNL1	NM_144508	57082	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	44	None
chr15:40651961:A/T:1	chr15	40651961	A|T	1	KNL1	NM_170589	57082	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	44	None
chr15:41319933:G/T:1	chr15	41319933	G|T	1	OIP5	NM_001317860	11339	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6579	None
chr15:41319933:G/T:1	chr15	41319933	G|T	1	OIP5	NM_007280	11339	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	153	None
chr15:42229030:A/G:1	chr15	42229030	A|G	1	TMEM87A	NM_001286487	25963	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	212	None
chr15:42229030:A/G:1	chr15	42229030	A|G	1	TMEM87A	NM_015497	25963	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	212	None
chr15:42547439:C/A:1	chr15	42547439	C|A	1	HAUS2	NM_001130447	55142	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:42547439:C/A:1	chr15	42547439	C|A	1	HAUS2	NM_001323629	55142	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:42547439:C/A:1	chr15	42547439	C|A	1	HAUS2	NM_001323630	55142	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:42547439:C/A:1	chr15	42547439	C|A	1	HAUS2	NM_001323631	55142	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:42547439:C/A:1	chr15	42547439	C|A	1	HAUS2	NM_001323632	55142	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:42547439:C/A:1	chr15	42547439	C|A	1	HAUS2	NM_018097	55142	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:42547439:C/A:1	chr15	42547439	C|A	1	LRRC57	NM_153260	255252	coding	437	314	105	G>V	nonsyn	None	MGNSALRAHVETAQKTGVFQLKDRGLTEFPADLQKLTSNLRTIDLSNNKIESLPPLLIGKFTLLKSLSLNNNKLTVLPDEICNLKKLETLSLNNNHLRELPSTFGQLSALKTLSLSGNQLGALPPQLCSLRHLDVMDLSKNQIRSIPDSVGELQVIELNLNQNQISQISVKISCCPRLKILRLEENCLELSMLPQSILSDSQICLLAVEGNLFEIKKLRELEGYDKYMERFTATKKKFA*|MGNSALRAHVETAQKTGVFQLKDRGLTEFPADLQKLTSNLRTIDLSNNKIESLPPLLIGKFTLLKSLSLNNNKLTVLPDEICNLKKLETLSLNNNHLRELPSTFVQLSALKTLSLSGNQLGALPPQLCSLRHLDVMDLSKNQIRSIPDSVGELQVIELNLNQNQISQISVKISCCPRLKILRLEENCLELSMLPQSILSDSQICLLAVEGNLFEIKKLRELEGYDKYMERFTATKKKFA*
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347004	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347005	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347006	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347007	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347008	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347009	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347010	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347011	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347012	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347013	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347014	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347015	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347016	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347017	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347018	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347019	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347020	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347021	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347023	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347024	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347025	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347026	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347027	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347028	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347029	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347030	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347031	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347032	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347033	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_001347034	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NM_024956	80021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NR_144541	80021	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NR_144542	80021	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NR_144543	80021	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:43154471:C/T:1	chr15	43154471	C|T	1	TMEM62	NR_144544	80021	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chr15:48472836:A/C:1	chr15	48472836	A|C	1	FBN1	NM_000138	2200	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	160	None
chr15:50441258:C/A:1	chr15	50441258	C|A	1	USP8	NM_001128610	9101	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr15:50441258:C/A:1	chr15	50441258	C|A	1	USP8	NM_005154	9101	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr15:50441258:C/A:1	chr15	50441258	C|A	1	USP8	NM_001283049	9101	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2081	None
chr15:50663094:T/A:1	chr15	50663094	T|A	1	TRPM7	NM_001301212	54822	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr15:50663094:T/A:1	chr15	50663094	T|A	1	TRPM7	NM_017672	54822	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr15:50663094:T/A:1	chr15	50663094	T|A	1	TRPM7	NR_149152	54822	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr15:50663094:T/A:1	chr15	50663094	T|A	1	TRPM7	NR_149153	54822	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr15:50663094:T/A:1	chr15	50663094	T|A	1	TRPM7	NR_149154	54822	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr15:51762681:T/C:1	chr15	51762681	T|C	1	TMOD2	NM_001142885	29767	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3692	None
chr15:51762681:T/C:1	chr15	51762681	T|C	1	TMOD2	NM_014548	29767	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3692	None
chr15:55340803:G/A:1	chr15	55340803	G|A	1	PIGB	NM_004855	9488	coding	1067	1038	346	L>L	syn	None	MRRPLSKCGMEPGGGDASLTLHGLQNRSHGKIKLRKRKSTLYFNTQEKSARRRGDLLGENIYLLLFTIALRILNCFLVQTSFVPDEYWQSLEVSHHMVFNYGYLTWEWTERLRSYTYPLIFASIYKILHLLGKDSVQLLIWIPRLAQALLSAVADVRLYSLMKQLENQEVARWVFFCQLCSWFTWYCCTRTLTNTMETVLTIIALFYYPLEGSKSMNSVKYSSLVALAFIIRPTAVILWTPLLFRHFCQEPRKLDLILHHFLPVGFVTLSLSLMIDRIFFGQWTLVQFNFLKFNVLQNWGTFYGSHPWHWYFSQGFPVILGTHLPFFIHGCYLAPKRYRILLVTVLWTLLVYSMLSHKEFRFIYPVLPFCMVFCGYSLTHLKTWKKPALSFLFLSNLFLALYTGLVHQRGTLDVMSHIQKVCYNNPNKSSASIFIMMPCHSTPYYSHVHCPLPMRFLQCPPDLTGKSHYLDEADVFYLNPLNWLHREFHDDASLPTHLITFSILEEEISAFLISSNYKRTAVFFHTHLPEGRIGSHIYVYERKLKGKFNMKMKF*
chr15:55588703:G/T:1	chr15	55588703	G|T	1	PYGO1	NM_015617	26108	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	101	None
chr15:55588703:G/T:1	chr15	55588703	G|T	1	PYGO1	NM_001330326	26108	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:55588703:G/T:1	chr15	55588703	G|T	1	PYGO1	NM_001367806	26108	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:57951332:C/A:1	chr15	57951332	C|A	1	ALDH1A2	NM_001206897	8854	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:57951332:C/A:1	chr15	57951332	C|A	1	ALDH1A2	NM_170696	8854	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:57951332:C/A:1	chr15	57951332	C|A	1	ALDH1A2	NM_170697	8854	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:57951332:C/A:1	chr15	57951332	C|A	1	ALDH1A2	NM_003888	8854	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:60556760:G/T:1	chr15	60556760	G|T	1	RORA	NM_134261	6095	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24909	None
chr15:60556760:G/T:1	chr15	60556760	G|T	1	RORA-AS1	NR_120341	101928784	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	41688	None
chr15:60556760:G/T:1	chr15	60556760	G|T	1	RORA-AS1	NR_120342	101928784	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	41688	None
chr15:60556760:G/T:1	chr15	60556760	G|T	1	RORA	NM_134260	6095	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr15:60556760:G/T:1	chr15	60556760	G|T	1	RORA	NM_134262	6095	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24909	None
chr15:60556760:G/T:1	chr15	60556760	G|T	1	RORA	NM_002943	6095	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24909	None
chr15:61890361:T/C:1	chr15	61890361	T|C	1	VPS13C	NM_001018088	54832	coding	9236	9145	3049	I>V	nonsyn	None	MVLESVVADLLNRFLGDYVENLNKSQLKLGIWGGNVALDNLQIKENALSELDVPFKVKAGQIDKLTLKIPWKNLYGEAVVATLEGLYLLVVPGASIKYDAVKEEKSLQDVKQKELSRIEEALQKAAEKGTHSGEFIYGLENFVYKDIKPGRKRKKHKKHFKKPFKGLDRSKDKPKEAKKDTFVEKLATQVIKNVQVKITDIHIKYEDDVTDPKRPLSFGVTLGELSLLTANEHWTPCILNEADKIIYKLIRLDSLSAYWNVNCSMSYQRSREQILDQLKNEILTSGNIPPNYQYIFQPISASAKLYMNPYAESELKTPKLDCNIEIQNIAIELTKPQYLSMIDLLESVDYMVRNAPYRKYKPYLPLHTNGRRWWKYAIDSVLEVHIRRYTQMWSWSNIKKHRQLLKSYKIAYKNKLTQSKVSEEIQKEIQDLEKTLDVFNIILARQQAQVEVIRSGQKLRKKSADTGEKRGGWFSGLWGKKESKKKDEESLIPETIDDLMTPEEKDKLFTAIGYSESTHNLTLPKQYVAHIMTLKLVSTSVTIRENKNIPEILKIQIIGLGTQVSQRPGAQALKVEAKLEHWYITGLRQQDIVPSLVASIGDTTSSLLKIKFETNPEDSPADQTLIVQSQPVEVIYDAKTVNAVVEFFQSNKGLDLEQITSATLMKLEEIKERTATGLTHIIETRKVLDLRINLKPSYLVVPQTGFHHEKSDLLILDFGTFQLNSKDQGLQKTTNSSLEEIMDKAYDKFDVEIKNVQLLFARAEETWKKCRFQHPSTMHILQPMDIHVELAKAMVEKDIRMARFKVSGGLPLMHVRISDQKMKDVLYLMNSIPLPQKSSAQSPERQVSSIPIISGGTKGLLGTSLLLDTVESESDDEYFDAEDGEPQTCKSMKGSELKKAAEVPNEELINLLLKFEIKEVILEFTKQQKEEDTILVFNVTQLGTEATMRTFDLTVVSYLKKISLDYHEIEGSKRKPLHLISSSDKPGLDLLKVEYIKADKNGPSFQTAFGKTEQTVKVAFSSLNLLLQTQALVASINYLTTIIPSDDQSISVAKEVQISTEKQQKNSTLPKAIVSSRDSDIIDFRLFAKLNAFCVIVCNEKNNIAEIKIQGLDSSLSLQSRKQSLFARLENIIVTDVDPKTVHKKAVSIMGNEVFRFNLDLYPDATEGDLYTDMSKVDGVLSLNVGCIQIVYLHKFLMSLLNFLNNFQTAKESLSAATAQAAERAATSVKDLAQRSFRVSINIDLKAPVIVIPQSSISTNAVVVDLGLIRVHNQFSLVSDEDYLNPPVIDRMDVQLTKLTLYRTVIQPGIYHPDIQLLHPINLEFLVNRNLAASWYHKVPVVEIKGHLDSMNVSLNQEDLNLLFRILTENLCEGTEDLDKVKPRVQETGEIKEPLEISISQDVHDSKNTLTTGVEEIRSVDIINMLLNFEIKEVVVTLMKKSEKKGRPLHELNVLQLGMEAKVKTYDMTAKAYLKKISMQCFDFTDSKGEPLHIINSSNVTDEPLLKMLLTKADSDGPEFKTIHDSTKQRLKVSFASLDLVLHLEALLSFMDFLSSAAPFSEPSSSEKESELKPLVGESRSIAVKAVSSNISQKDVFDLKITAELNAFNVFVCDQKCNIADIKIHGMDASISVKPKQTDVFARLKDIIVMNVDLQSIHKKAVSILGDEVFRFQLTLYPDATEGEAYADMSKVDGKLSFKVGCIQIVYVHKFFMSLLNFLNNFQTAKEALSTATVQAAERAASSMKDLAQKSFRLLMDINLKAPVIIIPQSSVSPNAVIADLGLIRVENKFSLVPMEHYSLPPVIDKMNIELTQLKLSRTILQASLPQNDIEILKPVNMLLSIQRNLAAAWYVQIPGMEIKGKLKPMQVALSEDDLTVLMKILLENLGEASSQPSPTQSVQETVRVRKVDVSSVPDHLKEQEDWTDSKLSMNQIVSLQFDFHFESLSIILYNNDINQESGVAFHNDSFQLGELRLHLMASSGKMFKDGSMNVSVKLKTCTLDDLREGIERATSRMIDRKNDQDNNSSMIDISYKQDKNGSQIDAVLDKLYVCASVEFLMTVADFFIKAVPQSPENVAKETQILPRQTATGKVKIEKDDSVRPNMTLKAMITDPEVVFVASLTKADAPALTASFQCNLSLSTSKLEQMMEASVRDLKVLACPFLREKRGKNITTVLQPCSLFMEKCTWASGKQNINIMVKEFIIKISPIILNTVLTIMAALSPKTKEDGSKDTSKEMENLWGIKSINDYNTWFLGVDTATEITESFKGIEHSLIEENCGVVVESIQVTLECGLGHRTVPLLLAESKFSGNIKNWTSLMAAVADVTLQVHYYNEIHAVWEPLIERVEGKRQWNLRLDVKKNPVQDKSLLPGDDFIPEPQMAIHISSGNTMNITISKSCLNVFNNLAKGFSEGTASTFDYSLKDRAPFTVKNAVGVPIKVKPNCNLRVMGFPEKSDIFDVDAGQNLELEYASMVPSSQGNLSILSRQESSFFTLTIVPHGYTEVANIPVARPGRRLYNVRNPNASHSDSVLVQIDATEGNKVITLRSPLQIKNHFSIAFIIYKFVKNVKLLERIGIARPEEEFHVPLDSYRCQLFIQPAGILEHQYKESTTYISWKEELHRSREVRCMLQCPSVEVSFLPLIVNTVALPDELSYICTHGEDWDVAYIIHLYPSLTLRNLLPYSLRYLLEGTAETHELAEGSTADVLHSRISGEIMELVLVKYQGKNWNGHFRIRDTLPEFFPVCFSSDSTEVTTVDLSVHVRRIGSRMVLSVFSPYWLINKTTRVLQYRSEDIHVKHPADFRDIILFSFKKKNIFTKNKVQLKISTSAWSSSFSLDTVGSYGCVKCPANNMEYLVGVSIKMSSFNLSRIVTLTPFCTIANKSSLELEVGEIASDGSMPTNKWNYIASSECLPFWPESLSGKLCVRVVGCEGSSKPFFYNRQDNGTLLSLEDLNGGILVDVNTAEHSTVITFSDYHEGSAPALIMNHTPWDILTYKQSGSPEEMVLLPRQARLFAWADPTGTRKLTWTYAANVGEHDLLKDGCGQFPYDANIQIHWVSFLDGRQRVLLFTDDVALVSKALQAEEMEQADYEITLSLHSLGLSLVNNESKQEVSYIGITSSGVVWEVKPKQKWKPFSQKQIILLEQSYQKHQISRDHGWIKLDNNFEVNFDKDPMEMRLPIRSPIKRDFLSGIQIEFKQSSHQRSLRARLYWLQVDNQLPGAMFPVVFHPVAPPKSIALDSEPKPFIDVSVITRFNEYSKVLQFKYFMVLIQEMALKIDQGFLGAIIALFTPTTDPEAERRRTKLIQQDIDALNAELMETSMTDMSILSFFEHFHISPVKLHLSLSLGSGGEESDKEKQEMFAVHSVNLLLKSIGATLTDVDDLIFKLAYYEIRYQFYKRDQLIWSVVRHYSEQFLKQMYVLVLGLDVLGNPFGLIRGLSEGVEALFYEPFQGAVQGPEEFAEGLVIGVRSLFGHTVGGAAGVVSRITGSVGKGLAAITMDKEYQQKRREELSRQPRDFGDSLARGGKGFLRGVVGGVTGIITKPVEGAKKEGAAGFFKGIGKGLVGAVARPTGGIVDMASSTFQGIQRAAESTEEVSSLRPPRLIHEDGIIRPYDRQESEGSDLLEQELEIQE*|MVLESVVADLLNRFLGDYVENLNKSQLKLGIWGGNVALDNLQIKENALSELDVPFKVKAGQIDKLTLKIPWKNLYGEAVVATLEGLYLLVVPGASIKYDAVKEEKSLQDVKQKELSRIEEALQKAAEKGTHSGEFIYGLENFVYKDIKPGRKRKKHKKHFKKPFKGLDRSKDKPKEAKKDTFVEKLATQVIKNVQVKITDIHIKYEDDVTDPKRPLSFGVTLGELSLLTANEHWTPCILNEADKIIYKLIRLDSLSAYWNVNCSMSYQRSREQILDQLKNEILTSGNIPPNYQYIFQPISASAKLYMNPYAESELKTPKLDCNIEIQNIAIELTKPQYLSMIDLLESVDYMVRNAPYRKYKPYLPLHTNGRRWWKYAIDSVLEVHIRRYTQMWSWSNIKKHRQLLKSYKIAYKNKLTQSKVSEEIQKEIQDLEKTLDVFNIILARQQAQVEVIRSGQKLRKKSADTGEKRGGWFSGLWGKKESKKKDEESLIPETIDDLMTPEEKDKLFTAIGYSESTHNLTLPKQYVAHIMTLKLVSTSVTIRENKNIPEILKIQIIGLGTQVSQRPGAQALKVEAKLEHWYITGLRQQDIVPSLVASIGDTTSSLLKIKFETNPEDSPADQTLIVQSQPVEVIYDAKTVNAVVEFFQSNKGLDLEQITSATLMKLEEIKERTATGLTHIIETRKVLDLRINLKPSYLVVPQTGFHHEKSDLLILDFGTFQLNSKDQGLQKTTNSSLEEIMDKAYDKFDVEIKNVQLLFARAEETWKKCRFQHPSTMHILQPMDIHVELAKAMVEKDIRMARFKVSGGLPLMHVRISDQKMKDVLYLMNSIPLPQKSSAQSPERQVSSIPIISGGTKGLLGTSLLLDTVESESDDEYFDAEDGEPQTCKSMKGSELKKAAEVPNEELINLLLKFEIKEVILEFTKQQKEEDTILVFNVTQLGTEATMRTFDLTVVSYLKKISLDYHEIEGSKRKPLHLISSSDKPGLDLLKVEYIKADKNGPSFQTAFGKTEQTVKVAFSSLNLLLQTQALVASINYLTTIIPSDDQSISVAKEVQISTEKQQKNSTLPKAIVSSRDSDIIDFRLFAKLNAFCVIVCNEKNNIAEIKIQGLDSSLSLQSRKQSLFARLENIIVTDVDPKTVHKKAVSIMGNEVFRFNLDLYPDATEGDLYTDMSKVDGVLSLNVGCIQIVYLHKFLMSLLNFLNNFQTAKESLSAATAQAAERAATSVKDLAQRSFRVSINIDLKAPVIVIPQSSISTNAVVVDLGLIRVHNQFSLVSDEDYLNPPVIDRMDVQLTKLTLYRTVIQPGIYHPDIQLLHPINLEFLVNRNLAASWYHKVPVVEIKGHLDSMNVSLNQEDLNLLFRILTENLCEGTEDLDKVKPRVQETGEIKEPLEISISQDVHDSKNTLTTGVEEIRSVDIINMLLNFEIKEVVVTLMKKSEKKGRPLHELNVLQLGMEAKVKTYDMTAKAYLKKISMQCFDFTDSKGEPLHIINSSNVTDEPLLKMLLTKADSDGPEFKTIHDSTKQRLKVSFASLDLVLHLEALLSFMDFLSSAAPFSEPSSSEKESELKPLVGESRSIAVKAVSSNISQKDVFDLKITAELNAFNVFVCDQKCNIADIKIHGMDASISVKPKQTDVFARLKDIIVMNVDLQSIHKKAVSILGDEVFRFQLTLYPDATEGEAYADMSKVDGKLSFKVGCIQIVYVHKFFMSLLNFLNNFQTAKEALSTATVQAAERAASSMKDLAQKSFRLLMDINLKAPVIIIPQSSVSPNAVIADLGLIRVENKFSLVPMEHYSLPPVIDKMNIELTQLKLSRTILQASLPQNDIEILKPVNMLLSIQRNLAAAWYVQIPGMEIKGKLKPMQVALSEDDLTVLMKILLENLGEASSQPSPTQSVQETVRVRKVDVSSVPDHLKEQEDWTDSKLSMNQIVSLQFDFHFESLSIILYNNDINQESGVAFHNDSFQLGELRLHLMASSGKMFKDGSMNVSVKLKTCTLDDLREGIERATSRMIDRKNDQDNNSSMIDISYKQDKNGSQIDAVLDKLYVCASVEFLMTVADFFIKAVPQSPENVAKETQILPRQTATGKVKIEKDDSVRPNMTLKAMITDPEVVFVASLTKADAPALTASFQCNLSLSTSKLEQMMEASVRDLKVLACPFLREKRGKNITTVLQPCSLFMEKCTWASGKQNINIMVKEFIIKISPIILNTVLTIMAALSPKTKEDGSKDTSKEMENLWGIKSINDYNTWFLGVDTATEITESFKGIEHSLIEENCGVVVESIQVTLECGLGHRTVPLLLAESKFSGNIKNWTSLMAAVADVTLQVHYYNEIHAVWEPLIERVEGKRQWNLRLDVKKNPVQDKSLLPGDDFIPEPQMAIHISSGNTMNITISKSCLNVFNNLAKGFSEGTASTFDYSLKDRAPFTVKNAVGVPIKVKPNCNLRVMGFPEKSDIFDVDAGQNLELEYASMVPSSQGNLSILSRQESSFFTLTIVPHGYTEVANIPVARPGRRLYNVRNPNASHSDSVLVQIDATEGNKVITLRSPLQIKNHFSIAFIIYKFVKNVKLLERIGIARPEEEFHVPLDSYRCQLFIQPAGILEHQYKESTTYISWKEELHRSREVRCMLQCPSVEVSFLPLIVNTVALPDELSYICTHGEDWDVAYIIHLYPSLTLRNLLPYSLRYLLEGTAETHELAEGSTADVLHSRISGEIMELVLVKYQGKNWNGHFRIRDTLPEFFPVCFSSDSTEVTTVDLSVHVRRIGSRMVLSVFSPYWLINKTTRVLQYRSEDIHVKHPADFRDIILFSFKKKNIFTKNKVQLKISTSAWSSSFSLDTVGSYGCVKCPANNMEYLVGVSIKMSSFNLSRIVTLTPFCTIANKSSLELEVGEIASDGSMPTNKWNYIASSECLPFWPESLSGKLCVRVVGCEGSSKPFFYNRQDNGTLLSLEDLNGGILVDVNTAEHSTVITFSDYHEGSAPALIMNHTPWDILTYKQSGSPEEMVLLPRQARLFAWADPTGTRKLTWTYAANVGEHDLLKDGCGQFPYDANIQVHWVSFLDGRQRVLLFTDDVALVSKALQAEEMEQADYEITLSLHSLGLSLVNNESKQEVSYIGITSSGVVWEVKPKQKWKPFSQKQIILLEQSYQKHQISRDHGWIKLDNNFEVNFDKDPMEMRLPIRSPIKRDFLSGIQIEFKQSSHQRSLRARLYWLQVDNQLPGAMFPVVFHPVAPPKSIALDSEPKPFIDVSVITRFNEYSKVLQFKYFMVLIQEMALKIDQGFLGAIIALFTPTTDPEAERRRTKLIQQDIDALNAELMETSMTDMSILSFFEHFHISPVKLHLSLSLGSGGEESDKEKQEMFAVHSVNLLLKSIGATLTDVDDLIFKLAYYEIRYQFYKRDQLIWSVVRHYSEQFLKQMYVLVLGLDVLGNPFGLIRGLSEGVEALFYEPFQGAVQGPEEFAEGLVIGVRSLFGHTVGGAAGVVSRITGSVGKGLAAITMDKEYQQKRREELSRQPRDFGDSLARGGKGFLRGVVGGVTGIITKPVEGAKKEGAAGFFKGIGKGLVGAVARPTGGIVDMASSTFQGIQRAAESTEEVSSLRPPRLIHEDGIIRPYDRQESEGSDLLEQELEIQE*
chr15:61890361:T/C:1	chr15	61890361	T|C	1	VPS13C	NM_017684	54832	coding	9107	9016	3006	I>V	nonsyn	None	MVLESVVADLLNRFLGDYVENLNKSQLKLGIWGGNVALDNLQIKENALSELDVPFKVKAGQIDKLTLKIPWKNLYGEAVVATLEGLYLLVVPGASIKYDAVKEEKSLQDVKQKELSRIEEALQKAAEKDKPKEAKKDTFVEKLATQVIKNVQVKITDIHIKYEDDVTDPKRPLSFGVTLGELSLLTANEHWTPCILNEADKIIYKLIRLDSLSAYWNVNCSMSYQRSREQILDQLKNEILTSGNIPPNYQYIFQPISASAKLYMNPYAESELKTPKLDCNIEIQNIAIELTKPQYLSMIDLLESVDYMVRNAPYRKYKPYLPLHTNGRRWWKYAIDSVLEVHIRRYTQMWSWSNIKKHRQLLKSYKIAYKNKLTQSKVSEEIQKEIQDLEKTLDVFNIILARQQAQVEVIRSGQKLRKKSADTGEKRGGWFSGLWGKKESKKKDEESLIPETIDDLMTPEEKDKLFTAIGYSESTHNLTLPKQYVAHIMTLKLVSTSVTIRENKNIPEILKIQIIGLGTQVSQRPGAQALKVEAKLEHWYITGLRQQDIVPSLVASIGDTTSSLLKIKFETNPEDSPADQTLIVQSQPVEVIYDAKTVNAVVEFFQSNKGLDLEQITSATLMKLEEIKERTATGLTHIIETRKVLDLRINLKPSYLVVPQTGFHHEKSDLLILDFGTFQLNSKDQGLQKTTNSSLEEIMDKAYDKFDVEIKNVQLLFARAEETWKKCRFQHPSTMHILQPMDIHVELAKAMVEKDIRMARFKVSGGLPLMHVRISDQKMKDVLYLMNSIPLPQKSSAQSPERQVSSIPIISGGTKGLLGTSLLLDTVESESDDEYFDAEDGEPQTCKSMKGSELKKAAEVPNEELINLLLKFEIKEVILEFTKQQKEEDTILVFNVTQLGTEATMRTFDLTVVSYLKKISLDYHEIEGSKRKPLHLISSSDKPGLDLLKVEYIKADKNGPSFQTAFGKTEQTVKVAFSSLNLLLQTQALVASINYLTTIIPSDDQSISVAKEVQISTEKQQKNSTLPKAIVSSRDSDIIDFRLFAKLNAFCVIVCNEKNNIAEIKIQGLDSSLSLQSRKQSLFARLENIIVTDVDPKTVHKKAVSIMGNEVFRFNLDLYPDATEGDLYTDMSKVDGVLSLNVGCIQIVYLHKFLMSLLNFLNNFQTAKESLSAATAQAAERAATSVKDLAQRSFRVSINIDLKAPVIVIPQSSISTNAVVVDLGLIRVHNQFSLVSDEDYLNPPVIDRMDVQLTKLTLYRTVIQPGIYHPDIQLLHPINLEFLVNRNLAASWYHKVPVVEIKGHLDSMNVSLNQEDLNLLFRILTENLCEGTEDLDKVKPRVQETGEIKEPLEISISQDVHDSKNTLTTGVEEIRSVDIINMLLNFEIKEVVVTLMKKSEKKGRPLHELNVLQLGMEAKVKTYDMTAKAYLKKISMQCFDFTDSKGEPLHIINSSNVTDEPLLKMLLTKADSDGPEFKTIHDSTKQRLKVSFASLDLVLHLEALLSFMDFLSSAAPFSEPSSSEKESELKPLVGESRSIAVKAVSSNISQKDVFDLKITAELNAFNVFVCDQKCNIADIKIHGMDASISVKPKQTDVFARLKDIIVMNVDLQSIHKKAVSILGDEVFRFQLTLYPDATEGEAYADMSKVDGKLSFKVGCIQIVYVHKFFMSLLNFLNNFQTAKEALSTATVQAAERAASSMKDLAQKSFRLLMDINLKAPVIIIPQSSVSPNAVIADLGLIRVENKFSLVPMEHYSLPPVIDKMNIELTQLKLSRTILQASLPQNDIEILKPVNMLLSIQRNLAAAWYVQIPGMEIKGKLKPMQVALSEDDLTVLMKILLENLGEASSQPSPTQSVQETVRVRKVDVSSVPDHLKEQEDWTDSKLSMNQIVSLQFDFHFESLSIILYNNDINQESGVAFHNDSFQLGELRLHLMASSGKMFKDGSMNVSVKLKTCTLDDLREGIERATSRMIDRKNDQDNNSSMIDISYKQDKNGSQIDAVLDKLYVCASVEFLMTVADFFIKAVPQSPENVAKETQILPRQTATGKVKIEKDDSVRPNMTLKAMITDPEVVFVASLTKADAPALTASFQCNLSLSTSKLEQMMEASVRDLKVLACPFLREKRGKNITTVLQPCSLFMEKCTWASGKQNINIMVKEFIIKISPIILNTVLTIMAALSPKTKEDGSKDTSKEMENLWGIKSINDYNTWFLGVDTATEITESFKGIEHSLIEENCGVVVESIQVTLECGLGHRTVPLLLAESKFSGNIKNWTSLMAAVADVTLQVHYYNEIHAVWEPLIERVEGKRQWNLRLDVKKNPVQDKSLLPGDDFIPEPQMAIHISSGNTMNITISKSCLNVFNNLAKGFSEGTASTFDYSLKDRAPFTVKNAVGVPIKVKPNCNLRVMGFPEKSDIFDVDAGQNLELEYASMVPSSQGNLSILSRQESSFFTLTIVPHGYTEVANIPVARPGRRLYNVRNPNASHSDSVLVQIDATEGNKVITLRSPLQIKNHFSIAFIIYKFVKNVKLLERIGIARPEEEFHVPLDSYRCQLFIQPAGILEHQYKESTTYISWKEELHRSREVRCMLQCPSVEVSFLPLIVNTVALPDELSYICTHGEDWDVAYIIHLYPSLTLRNLLPYSLRYLLEGTAETHELAEGSTADVLHSRISGEIMELVLVKYQGKNWNGHFRIRDTLPEFFPVCFSSDSTEVTTVDLSVHVRRIGSRMVLSVFSPYWLINKTTRVLQYRSEDIHVKHPADFRDIILFSFKKKNIFTKNKVQLKISTSAWSSSFSLDTVGSYGCVKCPANNMEYLVGVSIKMSSFNLSRIVTLTPFCTIANKSSLELEVGEIASDGSMPTNKWNYIASSECLPFWPESLSGKLCVRVVGCEGSSKPFFYNRQDNGTLLSLEDLNGGILVDVNTAEHSTVITFSDYHEGSAPALIMNHTPWDILTYKQSGSPEEMVLLPRQARLFAWADPTGTRKLTWTYAANVGEHDLLKDGCGQFPYDANIQIHWVSFLDGRQRVLLFTDDVALVSKALQAEEMEQADYEITLSLHSLGLSLVNNESKQEVSYIGITSSGVVWEVKPKQKWKPFSQKQIILLEQSYQKHQISRDHGWIKLDNNFEVNFDKDPMEMRLPIRSPIKRDFLSGIQIEFKQSSHQRSLRARLYWLQVDNQLPGAMFPVVFHPVAPPKSIALDSEPKPFIDVSVITRFNEYSKVLQFKYFMVLIQEMALKIDQGFLGAIIALFTPTTDPEAERRRTKLIQQDIDALNAELMETSMTDMSILSFFEHFHISPVKLHLSLSLGSGGEESDKEKQEMFAVHSVNLLLKSIGATLTDVDDLIFKLAYYEIRYQFYKRDQLIWSVVRHYSEQFLKQMYVLVLGLDVLGNPFGLIRGLSEGVEALFYEPFQGAVQGPEEFAEGLVIGVRSLFGHTVGGAAGVVSRITGSVGKGLAAITMDKEYQQKRREELSRQPRDFGDSLARGGKGFLRGVVGGVTGIITKPVEGAKKEGAAGFFKGIGKGLVGAVARPTGGIVDMASSTFQGIQRAAESTEEVSSLRPPRLIHEDGIIRPYDRQESEGSDLLENHIKKLEGETYRYHCAIPGSKKTILMVTNRRVLCIKEVEILGLMCVDWQCPFEDFVFPPSVSENVLKISVKEQGLFHKKDSANQGCVRKVYLKDTATAERACNAIEDAQSTRQQQKLMKQSSVRLLRPQLPS*|MVLESVVADLLNRFLGDYVENLNKSQLKLGIWGGNVALDNLQIKENALSELDVPFKVKAGQIDKLTLKIPWKNLYGEAVVATLEGLYLLVVPGASIKYDAVKEEKSLQDVKQKELSRIEEALQKAAEKDKPKEAKKDTFVEKLATQVIKNVQVKITDIHIKYEDDVTDPKRPLSFGVTLGELSLLTANEHWTPCILNEADKIIYKLIRLDSLSAYWNVNCSMSYQRSREQILDQLKNEILTSGNIPPNYQYIFQPISASAKLYMNPYAESELKTPKLDCNIEIQNIAIELTKPQYLSMIDLLESVDYMVRNAPYRKYKPYLPLHTNGRRWWKYAIDSVLEVHIRRYTQMWSWSNIKKHRQLLKSYKIAYKNKLTQSKVSEEIQKEIQDLEKTLDVFNIILARQQAQVEVIRSGQKLRKKSADTGEKRGGWFSGLWGKKESKKKDEESLIPETIDDLMTPEEKDKLFTAIGYSESTHNLTLPKQYVAHIMTLKLVSTSVTIRENKNIPEILKIQIIGLGTQVSQRPGAQALKVEAKLEHWYITGLRQQDIVPSLVASIGDTTSSLLKIKFETNPEDSPADQTLIVQSQPVEVIYDAKTVNAVVEFFQSNKGLDLEQITSATLMKLEEIKERTATGLTHIIETRKVLDLRINLKPSYLVVPQTGFHHEKSDLLILDFGTFQLNSKDQGLQKTTNSSLEEIMDKAYDKFDVEIKNVQLLFARAEETWKKCRFQHPSTMHILQPMDIHVELAKAMVEKDIRMARFKVSGGLPLMHVRISDQKMKDVLYLMNSIPLPQKSSAQSPERQVSSIPIISGGTKGLLGTSLLLDTVESESDDEYFDAEDGEPQTCKSMKGSELKKAAEVPNEELINLLLKFEIKEVILEFTKQQKEEDTILVFNVTQLGTEATMRTFDLTVVSYLKKISLDYHEIEGSKRKPLHLISSSDKPGLDLLKVEYIKADKNGPSFQTAFGKTEQTVKVAFSSLNLLLQTQALVASINYLTTIIPSDDQSISVAKEVQISTEKQQKNSTLPKAIVSSRDSDIIDFRLFAKLNAFCVIVCNEKNNIAEIKIQGLDSSLSLQSRKQSLFARLENIIVTDVDPKTVHKKAVSIMGNEVFRFNLDLYPDATEGDLYTDMSKVDGVLSLNVGCIQIVYLHKFLMSLLNFLNNFQTAKESLSAATAQAAERAATSVKDLAQRSFRVSINIDLKAPVIVIPQSSISTNAVVVDLGLIRVHNQFSLVSDEDYLNPPVIDRMDVQLTKLTLYRTVIQPGIYHPDIQLLHPINLEFLVNRNLAASWYHKVPVVEIKGHLDSMNVSLNQEDLNLLFRILTENLCEGTEDLDKVKPRVQETGEIKEPLEISISQDVHDSKNTLTTGVEEIRSVDIINMLLNFEIKEVVVTLMKKSEKKGRPLHELNVLQLGMEAKVKTYDMTAKAYLKKISMQCFDFTDSKGEPLHIINSSNVTDEPLLKMLLTKADSDGPEFKTIHDSTKQRLKVSFASLDLVLHLEALLSFMDFLSSAAPFSEPSSSEKESELKPLVGESRSIAVKAVSSNISQKDVFDLKITAELNAFNVFVCDQKCNIADIKIHGMDASISVKPKQTDVFARLKDIIVMNVDLQSIHKKAVSILGDEVFRFQLTLYPDATEGEAYADMSKVDGKLSFKVGCIQIVYVHKFFMSLLNFLNNFQTAKEALSTATVQAAERAASSMKDLAQKSFRLLMDINLKAPVIIIPQSSVSPNAVIADLGLIRVENKFSLVPMEHYSLPPVIDKMNIELTQLKLSRTILQASLPQNDIEILKPVNMLLSIQRNLAAAWYVQIPGMEIKGKLKPMQVALSEDDLTVLMKILLENLGEASSQPSPTQSVQETVRVRKVDVSSVPDHLKEQEDWTDSKLSMNQIVSLQFDFHFESLSIILYNNDINQESGVAFHNDSFQLGELRLHLMASSGKMFKDGSMNVSVKLKTCTLDDLREGIERATSRMIDRKNDQDNNSSMIDISYKQDKNGSQIDAVLDKLYVCASVEFLMTVADFFIKAVPQSPENVAKETQILPRQTATGKVKIEKDDSVRPNMTLKAMITDPEVVFVASLTKADAPALTASFQCNLSLSTSKLEQMMEASVRDLKVLACPFLREKRGKNITTVLQPCSLFMEKCTWASGKQNINIMVKEFIIKISPIILNTVLTIMAALSPKTKEDGSKDTSKEMENLWGIKSINDYNTWFLGVDTATEITESFKGIEHSLIEENCGVVVESIQVTLECGLGHRTVPLLLAESKFSGNIKNWTSLMAAVADVTLQVHYYNEIHAVWEPLIERVEGKRQWNLRLDVKKNPVQDKSLLPGDDFIPEPQMAIHISSGNTMNITISKSCLNVFNNLAKGFSEGTASTFDYSLKDRAPFTVKNAVGVPIKVKPNCNLRVMGFPEKSDIFDVDAGQNLELEYASMVPSSQGNLSILSRQESSFFTLTIVPHGYTEVANIPVARPGRRLYNVRNPNASHSDSVLVQIDATEGNKVITLRSPLQIKNHFSIAFIIYKFVKNVKLLERIGIARPEEEFHVPLDSYRCQLFIQPAGILEHQYKESTTYISWKEELHRSREVRCMLQCPSVEVSFLPLIVNTVALPDELSYICTHGEDWDVAYIIHLYPSLTLRNLLPYSLRYLLEGTAETHELAEGSTADVLHSRISGEIMELVLVKYQGKNWNGHFRIRDTLPEFFPVCFSSDSTEVTTVDLSVHVRRIGSRMVLSVFSPYWLINKTTRVLQYRSEDIHVKHPADFRDIILFSFKKKNIFTKNKVQLKISTSAWSSSFSLDTVGSYGCVKCPANNMEYLVGVSIKMSSFNLSRIVTLTPFCTIANKSSLELEVGEIASDGSMPTNKWNYIASSECLPFWPESLSGKLCVRVVGCEGSSKPFFYNRQDNGTLLSLEDLNGGILVDVNTAEHSTVITFSDYHEGSAPALIMNHTPWDILTYKQSGSPEEMVLLPRQARLFAWADPTGTRKLTWTYAANVGEHDLLKDGCGQFPYDANIQVHWVSFLDGRQRVLLFTDDVALVSKALQAEEMEQADYEITLSLHSLGLSLVNNESKQEVSYIGITSSGVVWEVKPKQKWKPFSQKQIILLEQSYQKHQISRDHGWIKLDNNFEVNFDKDPMEMRLPIRSPIKRDFLSGIQIEFKQSSHQRSLRARLYWLQVDNQLPGAMFPVVFHPVAPPKSIALDSEPKPFIDVSVITRFNEYSKVLQFKYFMVLIQEMALKIDQGFLGAIIALFTPTTDPEAERRRTKLIQQDIDALNAELMETSMTDMSILSFFEHFHISPVKLHLSLSLGSGGEESDKEKQEMFAVHSVNLLLKSIGATLTDVDDLIFKLAYYEIRYQFYKRDQLIWSVVRHYSEQFLKQMYVLVLGLDVLGNPFGLIRGLSEGVEALFYEPFQGAVQGPEEFAEGLVIGVRSLFGHTVGGAAGVVSRITGSVGKGLAAITMDKEYQQKRREELSRQPRDFGDSLARGGKGFLRGVVGGVTGIITKPVEGAKKEGAAGFFKGIGKGLVGAVARPTGGIVDMASSTFQGIQRAAESTEEVSSLRPPRLIHEDGIIRPYDRQESEGSDLLENHIKKLEGETYRYHCAIPGSKKTILMVTNRRVLCIKEVEILGLMCVDWQCPFEDFVFPPSVSENVLKISVKEQGLFHKKDSANQGCVRKVYLKDTATAERACNAIEDAQSTRQQQKLMKQSSVRLLRPQLPS*
chr15:61890361:T/C:1	chr15	61890361	T|C	1	VPS13C	NM_018080	54832	coding	9107	9016	3006	I>V	nonsyn	None	MVLESVVADLLNRFLGDYVENLNKSQLKLGIWGGNVALDNLQIKENALSELDVPFKVKAGQIDKLTLKIPWKNLYGEAVVATLEGLYLLVVPGASIKYDAVKEEKSLQDVKQKELSRIEEALQKAAEKDKPKEAKKDTFVEKLATQVIKNVQVKITDIHIKYEDDVTDPKRPLSFGVTLGELSLLTANEHWTPCILNEADKIIYKLIRLDSLSAYWNVNCSMSYQRSREQILDQLKNEILTSGNIPPNYQYIFQPISASAKLYMNPYAESELKTPKLDCNIEIQNIAIELTKPQYLSMIDLLESVDYMVRNAPYRKYKPYLPLHTNGRRWWKYAIDSVLEVHIRRYTQMWSWSNIKKHRQLLKSYKIAYKNKLTQSKVSEEIQKEIQDLEKTLDVFNIILARQQAQVEVIRSGQKLRKKSADTGEKRGGWFSGLWGKKESKKKDEESLIPETIDDLMTPEEKDKLFTAIGYSESTHNLTLPKQYVAHIMTLKLVSTSVTIRENKNIPEILKIQIIGLGTQVSQRPGAQALKVEAKLEHWYITGLRQQDIVPSLVASIGDTTSSLLKIKFETNPEDSPADQTLIVQSQPVEVIYDAKTVNAVVEFFQSNKGLDLEQITSATLMKLEEIKERTATGLTHIIETRKVLDLRINLKPSYLVVPQTGFHHEKSDLLILDFGTFQLNSKDQGLQKTTNSSLEEIMDKAYDKFDVEIKNVQLLFARAEETWKKCRFQHPSTMHILQPMDIHVELAKAMVEKDIRMARFKVSGGLPLMHVRISDQKMKDVLYLMNSIPLPQKSSAQSPERQVSSIPIISGGTKGLLGTSLLLDTVESESDDEYFDAEDGEPQTCKSMKGSELKKAAEVPNEELINLLLKFEIKEVILEFTKQQKEEDTILVFNVTQLGTEATMRTFDLTVVSYLKKISLDYHEIEGSKRKPLHLISSSDKPGLDLLKVEYIKADKNGPSFQTAFGKTEQTVKVAFSSLNLLLQTQALVASINYLTTIIPSDDQSISVAKEVQISTEKQQKNSTLPKAIVSSRDSDIIDFRLFAKLNAFCVIVCNEKNNIAEIKIQGLDSSLSLQSRKQSLFARLENIIVTDVDPKTVHKKAVSIMGNEVFRFNLDLYPDATEGDLYTDMSKVDGVLSLNVGCIQIVYLHKFLMSLLNFLNNFQTAKESLSAATAQAAERAATSVKDLAQRSFRVSINIDLKAPVIVIPQSSISTNAVVVDLGLIRVHNQFSLVSDEDYLNPPVIDRMDVQLTKLTLYRTVIQPGIYHPDIQLLHPINLEFLVNRNLAASWYHKVPVVEIKGHLDSMNVSLNQEDLNLLFRILTENLCEGTEDLDKVKPRVQETGEIKEPLEISISQDVHDSKNTLTTGVEEIRSVDIINMLLNFEIKEVVVTLMKKSEKKGRPLHELNVLQLGMEAKVKTYDMTAKAYLKKISMQCFDFTDSKGEPLHIINSSNVTDEPLLKMLLTKADSDGPEFKTIHDSTKQRLKVSFASLDLVLHLEALLSFMDFLSSAAPFSEPSSSEKESELKPLVGESRSIAVKAVSSNISQKDVFDLKITAELNAFNVFVCDQKCNIADIKIHGMDASISVKPKQTDVFARLKDIIVMNVDLQSIHKKAVSILGDEVFRFQLTLYPDATEGEAYADMSKVDGKLSFKVGCIQIVYVHKFFMSLLNFLNNFQTAKEALSTATVQAAERAASSMKDLAQKSFRLLMDINLKAPVIIIPQSSVSPNAVIADLGLIRVENKFSLVPMEHYSLPPVIDKMNIELTQLKLSRTILQASLPQNDIEILKPVNMLLSIQRNLAAAWYVQIPGMEIKGKLKPMQVALSEDDLTVLMKILLENLGEASSQPSPTQSVQETVRVRKVDVSSVPDHLKEQEDWTDSKLSMNQIVSLQFDFHFESLSIILYNNDINQESGVAFHNDSFQLGELRLHLMASSGKMFKDGSMNVSVKLKTCTLDDLREGIERATSRMIDRKNDQDNNSSMIDISYKQDKNGSQIDAVLDKLYVCASVEFLMTVADFFIKAVPQSPENVAKETQILPRQTATGKVKIEKDDSVRPNMTLKAMITDPEVVFVASLTKADAPALTASFQCNLSLSTSKLEQMMEASVRDLKVLACPFLREKRGKNITTVLQPCSLFMEKCTWASGKQNINIMVKEFIIKISPIILNTVLTIMAALSPKTKEDGSKDTSKEMENLWGIKSINDYNTWFLGVDTATEITESFKGIEHSLIEENCGVVVESIQVTLECGLGHRTVPLLLAESKFSGNIKNWTSLMAAVADVTLQVHYYNEIHAVWEPLIERVEGKRQWNLRLDVKKNPVQDKSLLPGDDFIPEPQMAIHISSGNTMNITISKSCLNVFNNLAKGFSEGTASTFDYSLKDRAPFTVKNAVGVPIKVKPNCNLRVMGFPEKSDIFDVDAGQNLELEYASMVPSSQGNLSILSRQESSFFTLTIVPHGYTEVANIPVARPGRRLYNVRNPNASHSDSVLVQIDATEGNKVITLRSPLQIKNHFSIAFIIYKFVKNVKLLERIGIARPEEEFHVPLDSYRCQLFIQPAGILEHQYKESTTYISWKEELHRSREVRCMLQCPSVEVSFLPLIVNTVALPDELSYICTHGEDWDVAYIIHLYPSLTLRNLLPYSLRYLLEGTAETHELAEGSTADVLHSRISGEIMELVLVKYQGKNWNGHFRIRDTLPEFFPVCFSSDSTEVTTVDLSVHVRRIGSRMVLSVFSPYWLINKTTRVLQYRSEDIHVKHPADFRDIILFSFKKKNIFTKNKVQLKISTSAWSSSFSLDTVGSYGCVKCPANNMEYLVGVSIKMSSFNLSRIVTLTPFCTIANKSSLELEVGEIASDGSMPTNKWNYIASSECLPFWPESLSGKLCVRVVGCEGSSKPFFYNRQDNGTLLSLEDLNGGILVDVNTAEHSTVITFSDYHEGSAPALIMNHTPWDILTYKQSGSPEEMVLLPRQARLFAWADPTGTRKLTWTYAANVGEHDLLKDGCGQFPYDANIQIHWVSFLDGRQRVLLFTDDVALVSKALQAEEMEQADYEITLSLHSLGLSLVNNESKQEVSYIGITSSGVVWEVKPKQKWKPFSQKQIILLEQSYQKHQISRDHGWIKLDNNFEVNFDKDPMEMRLPIRSPIKRDFLSGIQIEFKQSSHQRSLRARLYWLQVDNQLPGAMFPVVFHPVAPPKSIALDSEPKPFIDVSVITRFNEYSKVLQFKYFMVLIQEMALKIDQGFLGAIIALFTPTTDPEAERRRTKLIQQDIDALNAELMETSMTDMSILSFFEHFHISPVKLHLSLSLGSGGEESDKEKQEMFAVHSVNLLLKSIGATLTDVDDLIFKLAYYEIRYQFYKRDQLIWSVVRHYSEQFLKQMYVLVLGLDVLGNPFGLIRGLSEGVEALFYEPFQGAVQGPEEFAEGLVIGVRSLFGHTVGGAAGVVSRITGSVGKGLAAITMDKEYQQKRREELSRQPRDFGDSLARGGKGFLRGVVGGVTGIITKPVEGAKKEGAAGFFKGIGKGLVGAVARPTGGIVDMASSTFQGIQRAAESTEEVSSLRPPRLIHEDGIIRPYDRQESEGSDLLEQELEIQE*|MVLESVVADLLNRFLGDYVENLNKSQLKLGIWGGNVALDNLQIKENALSELDVPFKVKAGQIDKLTLKIPWKNLYGEAVVATLEGLYLLVVPGASIKYDAVKEEKSLQDVKQKELSRIEEALQKAAEKDKPKEAKKDTFVEKLATQVIKNVQVKITDIHIKYEDDVTDPKRPLSFGVTLGELSLLTANEHWTPCILNEADKIIYKLIRLDSLSAYWNVNCSMSYQRSREQILDQLKNEILTSGNIPPNYQYIFQPISASAKLYMNPYAESELKTPKLDCNIEIQNIAIELTKPQYLSMIDLLESVDYMVRNAPYRKYKPYLPLHTNGRRWWKYAIDSVLEVHIRRYTQMWSWSNIKKHRQLLKSYKIAYKNKLTQSKVSEEIQKEIQDLEKTLDVFNIILARQQAQVEVIRSGQKLRKKSADTGEKRGGWFSGLWGKKESKKKDEESLIPETIDDLMTPEEKDKLFTAIGYSESTHNLTLPKQYVAHIMTLKLVSTSVTIRENKNIPEILKIQIIGLGTQVSQRPGAQALKVEAKLEHWYITGLRQQDIVPSLVASIGDTTSSLLKIKFETNPEDSPADQTLIVQSQPVEVIYDAKTVNAVVEFFQSNKGLDLEQITSATLMKLEEIKERTATGLTHIIETRKVLDLRINLKPSYLVVPQTGFHHEKSDLLILDFGTFQLNSKDQGLQKTTNSSLEEIMDKAYDKFDVEIKNVQLLFARAEETWKKCRFQHPSTMHILQPMDIHVELAKAMVEKDIRMARFKVSGGLPLMHVRISDQKMKDVLYLMNSIPLPQKSSAQSPERQVSSIPIISGGTKGLLGTSLLLDTVESESDDEYFDAEDGEPQTCKSMKGSELKKAAEVPNEELINLLLKFEIKEVILEFTKQQKEEDTILVFNVTQLGTEATMRTFDLTVVSYLKKISLDYHEIEGSKRKPLHLISSSDKPGLDLLKVEYIKADKNGPSFQTAFGKTEQTVKVAFSSLNLLLQTQALVASINYLTTIIPSDDQSISVAKEVQISTEKQQKNSTLPKAIVSSRDSDIIDFRLFAKLNAFCVIVCNEKNNIAEIKIQGLDSSLSLQSRKQSLFARLENIIVTDVDPKTVHKKAVSIMGNEVFRFNLDLYPDATEGDLYTDMSKVDGVLSLNVGCIQIVYLHKFLMSLLNFLNNFQTAKESLSAATAQAAERAATSVKDLAQRSFRVSINIDLKAPVIVIPQSSISTNAVVVDLGLIRVHNQFSLVSDEDYLNPPVIDRMDVQLTKLTLYRTVIQPGIYHPDIQLLHPINLEFLVNRNLAASWYHKVPVVEIKGHLDSMNVSLNQEDLNLLFRILTENLCEGTEDLDKVKPRVQETGEIKEPLEISISQDVHDSKNTLTTGVEEIRSVDIINMLLNFEIKEVVVTLMKKSEKKGRPLHELNVLQLGMEAKVKTYDMTAKAYLKKISMQCFDFTDSKGEPLHIINSSNVTDEPLLKMLLTKADSDGPEFKTIHDSTKQRLKVSFASLDLVLHLEALLSFMDFLSSAAPFSEPSSSEKESELKPLVGESRSIAVKAVSSNISQKDVFDLKITAELNAFNVFVCDQKCNIADIKIHGMDASISVKPKQTDVFARLKDIIVMNVDLQSIHKKAVSILGDEVFRFQLTLYPDATEGEAYADMSKVDGKLSFKVGCIQIVYVHKFFMSLLNFLNNFQTAKEALSTATVQAAERAASSMKDLAQKSFRLLMDINLKAPVIIIPQSSVSPNAVIADLGLIRVENKFSLVPMEHYSLPPVIDKMNIELTQLKLSRTILQASLPQNDIEILKPVNMLLSIQRNLAAAWYVQIPGMEIKGKLKPMQVALSEDDLTVLMKILLENLGEASSQPSPTQSVQETVRVRKVDVSSVPDHLKEQEDWTDSKLSMNQIVSLQFDFHFESLSIILYNNDINQESGVAFHNDSFQLGELRLHLMASSGKMFKDGSMNVSVKLKTCTLDDLREGIERATSRMIDRKNDQDNNSSMIDISYKQDKNGSQIDAVLDKLYVCASVEFLMTVADFFIKAVPQSPENVAKETQILPRQTATGKVKIEKDDSVRPNMTLKAMITDPEVVFVASLTKADAPALTASFQCNLSLSTSKLEQMMEASVRDLKVLACPFLREKRGKNITTVLQPCSLFMEKCTWASGKQNINIMVKEFIIKISPIILNTVLTIMAALSPKTKEDGSKDTSKEMENLWGIKSINDYNTWFLGVDTATEITESFKGIEHSLIEENCGVVVESIQVTLECGLGHRTVPLLLAESKFSGNIKNWTSLMAAVADVTLQVHYYNEIHAVWEPLIERVEGKRQWNLRLDVKKNPVQDKSLLPGDDFIPEPQMAIHISSGNTMNITISKSCLNVFNNLAKGFSEGTASTFDYSLKDRAPFTVKNAVGVPIKVKPNCNLRVMGFPEKSDIFDVDAGQNLELEYASMVPSSQGNLSILSRQESSFFTLTIVPHGYTEVANIPVARPGRRLYNVRNPNASHSDSVLVQIDATEGNKVITLRSPLQIKNHFSIAFIIYKFVKNVKLLERIGIARPEEEFHVPLDSYRCQLFIQPAGILEHQYKESTTYISWKEELHRSREVRCMLQCPSVEVSFLPLIVNTVALPDELSYICTHGEDWDVAYIIHLYPSLTLRNLLPYSLRYLLEGTAETHELAEGSTADVLHSRISGEIMELVLVKYQGKNWNGHFRIRDTLPEFFPVCFSSDSTEVTTVDLSVHVRRIGSRMVLSVFSPYWLINKTTRVLQYRSEDIHVKHPADFRDIILFSFKKKNIFTKNKVQLKISTSAWSSSFSLDTVGSYGCVKCPANNMEYLVGVSIKMSSFNLSRIVTLTPFCTIANKSSLELEVGEIASDGSMPTNKWNYIASSECLPFWPESLSGKLCVRVVGCEGSSKPFFYNRQDNGTLLSLEDLNGGILVDVNTAEHSTVITFSDYHEGSAPALIMNHTPWDILTYKQSGSPEEMVLLPRQARLFAWADPTGTRKLTWTYAANVGEHDLLKDGCGQFPYDANIQVHWVSFLDGRQRVLLFTDDVALVSKALQAEEMEQADYEITLSLHSLGLSLVNNESKQEVSYIGITSSGVVWEVKPKQKWKPFSQKQIILLEQSYQKHQISRDHGWIKLDNNFEVNFDKDPMEMRLPIRSPIKRDFLSGIQIEFKQSSHQRSLRARLYWLQVDNQLPGAMFPVVFHPVAPPKSIALDSEPKPFIDVSVITRFNEYSKVLQFKYFMVLIQEMALKIDQGFLGAIIALFTPTTDPEAERRRTKLIQQDIDALNAELMETSMTDMSILSFFEHFHISPVKLHLSLSLGSGGEESDKEKQEMFAVHSVNLLLKSIGATLTDVDDLIFKLAYYEIRYQFYKRDQLIWSVVRHYSEQFLKQMYVLVLGLDVLGNPFGLIRGLSEGVEALFYEPFQGAVQGPEEFAEGLVIGVRSLFGHTVGGAAGVVSRITGSVGKGLAAITMDKEYQQKRREELSRQPRDFGDSLARGGKGFLRGVVGGVTGIITKPVEGAKKEGAAGFFKGIGKGLVGAVARPTGGIVDMASSTFQGIQRAAESTEEVSSLRPPRLIHEDGIIRPYDRQESEGSDLLEQELEIQE*
chr15:61890361:T/C:1	chr15	61890361	T|C	1	VPS13C	NM_020821	54832	coding	9236	9145	3049	I>V	nonsyn	None	MVLESVVADLLNRFLGDYVENLNKSQLKLGIWGGNVALDNLQIKENALSELDVPFKVKAGQIDKLTLKIPWKNLYGEAVVATLEGLYLLVVPGASIKYDAVKEEKSLQDVKQKELSRIEEALQKAAEKGTHSGEFIYGLENFVYKDIKPGRKRKKHKKHFKKPFKGLDRSKDKPKEAKKDTFVEKLATQVIKNVQVKITDIHIKYEDDVTDPKRPLSFGVTLGELSLLTANEHWTPCILNEADKIIYKLIRLDSLSAYWNVNCSMSYQRSREQILDQLKNEILTSGNIPPNYQYIFQPISASAKLYMNPYAESELKTPKLDCNIEIQNIAIELTKPQYLSMIDLLESVDYMVRNAPYRKYKPYLPLHTNGRRWWKYAIDSVLEVHIRRYTQMWSWSNIKKHRQLLKSYKIAYKNKLTQSKVSEEIQKEIQDLEKTLDVFNIILARQQAQVEVIRSGQKLRKKSADTGEKRGGWFSGLWGKKESKKKDEESLIPETIDDLMTPEEKDKLFTAIGYSESTHNLTLPKQYVAHIMTLKLVSTSVTIRENKNIPEILKIQIIGLGTQVSQRPGAQALKVEAKLEHWYITGLRQQDIVPSLVASIGDTTSSLLKIKFETNPEDSPADQTLIVQSQPVEVIYDAKTVNAVVEFFQSNKGLDLEQITSATLMKLEEIKERTATGLTHIIETRKVLDLRINLKPSYLVVPQTGFHHEKSDLLILDFGTFQLNSKDQGLQKTTNSSLEEIMDKAYDKFDVEIKNVQLLFARAEETWKKCRFQHPSTMHILQPMDIHVELAKAMVEKDIRMARFKVSGGLPLMHVRISDQKMKDVLYLMNSIPLPQKSSAQSPERQVSSIPIISGGTKGLLGTSLLLDTVESESDDEYFDAEDGEPQTCKSMKGSELKKAAEVPNEELINLLLKFEIKEVILEFTKQQKEEDTILVFNVTQLGTEATMRTFDLTVVSYLKKISLDYHEIEGSKRKPLHLISSSDKPGLDLLKVEYIKADKNGPSFQTAFGKTEQTVKVAFSSLNLLLQTQALVASINYLTTIIPSDDQSISVAKEVQISTEKQQKNSTLPKAIVSSRDSDIIDFRLFAKLNAFCVIVCNEKNNIAEIKIQGLDSSLSLQSRKQSLFARLENIIVTDVDPKTVHKKAVSIMGNEVFRFNLDLYPDATEGDLYTDMSKVDGVLSLNVGCIQIVYLHKFLMSLLNFLNNFQTAKESLSAATAQAAERAATSVKDLAQRSFRVSINIDLKAPVIVIPQSSISTNAVVVDLGLIRVHNQFSLVSDEDYLNPPVIDRMDVQLTKLTLYRTVIQPGIYHPDIQLLHPINLEFLVNRNLAASWYHKVPVVEIKGHLDSMNVSLNQEDLNLLFRILTENLCEGTEDLDKVKPRVQETGEIKEPLEISISQDVHDSKNTLTTGVEEIRSVDIINMLLNFEIKEVVVTLMKKSEKKGRPLHELNVLQLGMEAKVKTYDMTAKAYLKKISMQCFDFTDSKGEPLHIINSSNVTDEPLLKMLLTKADSDGPEFKTIHDSTKQRLKVSFASLDLVLHLEALLSFMDFLSSAAPFSEPSSSEKESELKPLVGESRSIAVKAVSSNISQKDVFDLKITAELNAFNVFVCDQKCNIADIKIHGMDASISVKPKQTDVFARLKDIIVMNVDLQSIHKKAVSILGDEVFRFQLTLYPDATEGEAYADMSKVDGKLSFKVGCIQIVYVHKFFMSLLNFLNNFQTAKEALSTATVQAAERAASSMKDLAQKSFRLLMDINLKAPVIIIPQSSVSPNAVIADLGLIRVENKFSLVPMEHYSLPPVIDKMNIELTQLKLSRTILQASLPQNDIEILKPVNMLLSIQRNLAAAWYVQIPGMEIKGKLKPMQVALSEDDLTVLMKILLENLGEASSQPSPTQSVQETVRVRKVDVSSVPDHLKEQEDWTDSKLSMNQIVSLQFDFHFESLSIILYNNDINQESGVAFHNDSFQLGELRLHLMASSGKMFKDGSMNVSVKLKTCTLDDLREGIERATSRMIDRKNDQDNNSSMIDISYKQDKNGSQIDAVLDKLYVCASVEFLMTVADFFIKAVPQSPENVAKETQILPRQTATGKVKIEKDDSVRPNMTLKAMITDPEVVFVASLTKADAPALTASFQCNLSLSTSKLEQMMEASVRDLKVLACPFLREKRGKNITTVLQPCSLFMEKCTWASGKQNINIMVKEFIIKISPIILNTVLTIMAALSPKTKEDGSKDTSKEMENLWGIKSINDYNTWFLGVDTATEITESFKGIEHSLIEENCGVVVESIQVTLECGLGHRTVPLLLAESKFSGNIKNWTSLMAAVADVTLQVHYYNEIHAVWEPLIERVEGKRQWNLRLDVKKNPVQDKSLLPGDDFIPEPQMAIHISSGNTMNITISKSCLNVFNNLAKGFSEGTASTFDYSLKDRAPFTVKNAVGVPIKVKPNCNLRVMGFPEKSDIFDVDAGQNLELEYASMVPSSQGNLSILSRQESSFFTLTIVPHGYTEVANIPVARPGRRLYNVRNPNASHSDSVLVQIDATEGNKVITLRSPLQIKNHFSIAFIIYKFVKNVKLLERIGIARPEEEFHVPLDSYRCQLFIQPAGILEHQYKESTTYISWKEELHRSREVRCMLQCPSVEVSFLPLIVNTVALPDELSYICTHGEDWDVAYIIHLYPSLTLRNLLPYSLRYLLEGTAETHELAEGSTADVLHSRISGEIMELVLVKYQGKNWNGHFRIRDTLPEFFPVCFSSDSTEVTTVDLSVHVRRIGSRMVLSVFSPYWLINKTTRVLQYRSEDIHVKHPADFRDIILFSFKKKNIFTKNKVQLKISTSAWSSSFSLDTVGSYGCVKCPANNMEYLVGVSIKMSSFNLSRIVTLTPFCTIANKSSLELEVGEIASDGSMPTNKWNYIASSECLPFWPESLSGKLCVRVVGCEGSSKPFFYNRQDNGTLLSLEDLNGGILVDVNTAEHSTVITFSDYHEGSAPALIMNHTPWDILTYKQSGSPEEMVLLPRQARLFAWADPTGTRKLTWTYAANVGEHDLLKDGCGQFPYDANIQIHWVSFLDGRQRVLLFTDDVALVSKALQAEEMEQADYEITLSLHSLGLSLVNNESKQEVSYIGITSSGVVWEVKPKQKWKPFSQKQIILLEQSYQKHQISRDHGWIKLDNNFEVNFDKDPMEMRLPIRSPIKRDFLSGIQIEFKQSSHQRSLRARLYWLQVDNQLPGAMFPVVFHPVAPPKSIALDSEPKPFIDVSVITRFNEYSKVLQFKYFMVLIQEMALKIDQGFLGAIIALFTPTTDPEAERRRTKLIQQDIDALNAELMETSMTDMSILSFFEHFHISPVKLHLSLSLGSGGEESDKEKQEMFAVHSVNLLLKSIGATLTDVDDLIFKLAYYEIRYQFYKRDQLIWSVVRHYSEQFLKQMYVLVLGLDVLGNPFGLIRGLSEGVEALFYEPFQGAVQGPEEFAEGLVIGVRSLFGHTVGGAAGVVSRITGSVGKGLAAITMDKEYQQKRREELSRQPRDFGDSLARGGKGFLRGVVGGVTGIITKPVEGAKKEGAAGFFKGIGKGLVGAVARPTGGIVDMASSTFQGIQRAAESTEEVSSLRPPRLIHEDGIIRPYDRQESEGSDLLENHIKKLEGETYRYHCAIPGSKKTILMVTNRRVLCIKEVEILGLMCVDWQCPFEDFVFPPSVSENVLKISVKEQGLFHKKDSANQGCVRKVYLKDTATAERACNAIEDAQSTRQQQKLMKQSSVRLLRPQLPS*|MVLESVVADLLNRFLGDYVENLNKSQLKLGIWGGNVALDNLQIKENALSELDVPFKVKAGQIDKLTLKIPWKNLYGEAVVATLEGLYLLVVPGASIKYDAVKEEKSLQDVKQKELSRIEEALQKAAEKGTHSGEFIYGLENFVYKDIKPGRKRKKHKKHFKKPFKGLDRSKDKPKEAKKDTFVEKLATQVIKNVQVKITDIHIKYEDDVTDPKRPLSFGVTLGELSLLTANEHWTPCILNEADKIIYKLIRLDSLSAYWNVNCSMSYQRSREQILDQLKNEILTSGNIPPNYQYIFQPISASAKLYMNPYAESELKTPKLDCNIEIQNIAIELTKPQYLSMIDLLESVDYMVRNAPYRKYKPYLPLHTNGRRWWKYAIDSVLEVHIRRYTQMWSWSNIKKHRQLLKSYKIAYKNKLTQSKVSEEIQKEIQDLEKTLDVFNIILARQQAQVEVIRSGQKLRKKSADTGEKRGGWFSGLWGKKESKKKDEESLIPETIDDLMTPEEKDKLFTAIGYSESTHNLTLPKQYVAHIMTLKLVSTSVTIRENKNIPEILKIQIIGLGTQVSQRPGAQALKVEAKLEHWYITGLRQQDIVPSLVASIGDTTSSLLKIKFETNPEDSPADQTLIVQSQPVEVIYDAKTVNAVVEFFQSNKGLDLEQITSATLMKLEEIKERTATGLTHIIETRKVLDLRINLKPSYLVVPQTGFHHEKSDLLILDFGTFQLNSKDQGLQKTTNSSLEEIMDKAYDKFDVEIKNVQLLFARAEETWKKCRFQHPSTMHILQPMDIHVELAKAMVEKDIRMARFKVSGGLPLMHVRISDQKMKDVLYLMNSIPLPQKSSAQSPERQVSSIPIISGGTKGLLGTSLLLDTVESESDDEYFDAEDGEPQTCKSMKGSELKKAAEVPNEELINLLLKFEIKEVILEFTKQQKEEDTILVFNVTQLGTEATMRTFDLTVVSYLKKISLDYHEIEGSKRKPLHLISSSDKPGLDLLKVEYIKADKNGPSFQTAFGKTEQTVKVAFSSLNLLLQTQALVASINYLTTIIPSDDQSISVAKEVQISTEKQQKNSTLPKAIVSSRDSDIIDFRLFAKLNAFCVIVCNEKNNIAEIKIQGLDSSLSLQSRKQSLFARLENIIVTDVDPKTVHKKAVSIMGNEVFRFNLDLYPDATEGDLYTDMSKVDGVLSLNVGCIQIVYLHKFLMSLLNFLNNFQTAKESLSAATAQAAERAATSVKDLAQRSFRVSINIDLKAPVIVIPQSSISTNAVVVDLGLIRVHNQFSLVSDEDYLNPPVIDRMDVQLTKLTLYRTVIQPGIYHPDIQLLHPINLEFLVNRNLAASWYHKVPVVEIKGHLDSMNVSLNQEDLNLLFRILTENLCEGTEDLDKVKPRVQETGEIKEPLEISISQDVHDSKNTLTTGVEEIRSVDIINMLLNFEIKEVVVTLMKKSEKKGRPLHELNVLQLGMEAKVKTYDMTAKAYLKKISMQCFDFTDSKGEPLHIINSSNVTDEPLLKMLLTKADSDGPEFKTIHDSTKQRLKVSFASLDLVLHLEALLSFMDFLSSAAPFSEPSSSEKESELKPLVGESRSIAVKAVSSNISQKDVFDLKITAELNAFNVFVCDQKCNIADIKIHGMDASISVKPKQTDVFARLKDIIVMNVDLQSIHKKAVSILGDEVFRFQLTLYPDATEGEAYADMSKVDGKLSFKVGCIQIVYVHKFFMSLLNFLNNFQTAKEALSTATVQAAERAASSMKDLAQKSFRLLMDINLKAPVIIIPQSSVSPNAVIADLGLIRVENKFSLVPMEHYSLPPVIDKMNIELTQLKLSRTILQASLPQNDIEILKPVNMLLSIQRNLAAAWYVQIPGMEIKGKLKPMQVALSEDDLTVLMKILLENLGEASSQPSPTQSVQETVRVRKVDVSSVPDHLKEQEDWTDSKLSMNQIVSLQFDFHFESLSIILYNNDINQESGVAFHNDSFQLGELRLHLMASSGKMFKDGSMNVSVKLKTCTLDDLREGIERATSRMIDRKNDQDNNSSMIDISYKQDKNGSQIDAVLDKLYVCASVEFLMTVADFFIKAVPQSPENVAKETQILPRQTATGKVKIEKDDSVRPNMTLKAMITDPEVVFVASLTKADAPALTASFQCNLSLSTSKLEQMMEASVRDLKVLACPFLREKRGKNITTVLQPCSLFMEKCTWASGKQNINIMVKEFIIKISPIILNTVLTIMAALSPKTKEDGSKDTSKEMENLWGIKSINDYNTWFLGVDTATEITESFKGIEHSLIEENCGVVVESIQVTLECGLGHRTVPLLLAESKFSGNIKNWTSLMAAVADVTLQVHYYNEIHAVWEPLIERVEGKRQWNLRLDVKKNPVQDKSLLPGDDFIPEPQMAIHISSGNTMNITISKSCLNVFNNLAKGFSEGTASTFDYSLKDRAPFTVKNAVGVPIKVKPNCNLRVMGFPEKSDIFDVDAGQNLELEYASMVPSSQGNLSILSRQESSFFTLTIVPHGYTEVANIPVARPGRRLYNVRNPNASHSDSVLVQIDATEGNKVITLRSPLQIKNHFSIAFIIYKFVKNVKLLERIGIARPEEEFHVPLDSYRCQLFIQPAGILEHQYKESTTYISWKEELHRSREVRCMLQCPSVEVSFLPLIVNTVALPDELSYICTHGEDWDVAYIIHLYPSLTLRNLLPYSLRYLLEGTAETHELAEGSTADVLHSRISGEIMELVLVKYQGKNWNGHFRIRDTLPEFFPVCFSSDSTEVTTVDLSVHVRRIGSRMVLSVFSPYWLINKTTRVLQYRSEDIHVKHPADFRDIILFSFKKKNIFTKNKVQLKISTSAWSSSFSLDTVGSYGCVKCPANNMEYLVGVSIKMSSFNLSRIVTLTPFCTIANKSSLELEVGEIASDGSMPTNKWNYIASSECLPFWPESLSGKLCVRVVGCEGSSKPFFYNRQDNGTLLSLEDLNGGILVDVNTAEHSTVITFSDYHEGSAPALIMNHTPWDILTYKQSGSPEEMVLLPRQARLFAWADPTGTRKLTWTYAANVGEHDLLKDGCGQFPYDANIQVHWVSFLDGRQRVLLFTDDVALVSKALQAEEMEQADYEITLSLHSLGLSLVNNESKQEVSYIGITSSGVVWEVKPKQKWKPFSQKQIILLEQSYQKHQISRDHGWIKLDNNFEVNFDKDPMEMRLPIRSPIKRDFLSGIQIEFKQSSHQRSLRARLYWLQVDNQLPGAMFPVVFHPVAPPKSIALDSEPKPFIDVSVITRFNEYSKVLQFKYFMVLIQEMALKIDQGFLGAIIALFTPTTDPEAERRRTKLIQQDIDALNAELMETSMTDMSILSFFEHFHISPVKLHLSLSLGSGGEESDKEKQEMFAVHSVNLLLKSIGATLTDVDDLIFKLAYYEIRYQFYKRDQLIWSVVRHYSEQFLKQMYVLVLGLDVLGNPFGLIRGLSEGVEALFYEPFQGAVQGPEEFAEGLVIGVRSLFGHTVGGAAGVVSRITGSVGKGLAAITMDKEYQQKRREELSRQPRDFGDSLARGGKGFLRGVVGGVTGIITKPVEGAKKEGAAGFFKGIGKGLVGAVARPTGGIVDMASSTFQGIQRAAESTEEVSSLRPPRLIHEDGIIRPYDRQESEGSDLLENHIKKLEGETYRYHCAIPGSKKTILMVTNRRVLCIKEVEILGLMCVDWQCPFEDFVFPPSVSENVLKISVKEQGLFHKKDSANQGCVRKVYLKDTATAERACNAIEDAQSTRQQQKLMKQSSVRLLRPQLPS*
chr15:62248685:G/T:1	chr15	62248685	G|T	1	GOLGA2P11	NR_136885	255180	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	83	None
chr15:70694991:A/T:1	chr15	70694991	A|T	1	UACA	NM_001008224	55075	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chr15:70694991:A/T:1	chr15	70694991	A|T	1	UACA	NM_018003	55075	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chr15:73703090:G/T:1	chr15	73703090	G|T	1	CD276	NM_001329628	80381	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	497	None
chr15:73703090:G/T:1	chr15	73703090	G|T	1	CD276	NM_025240	80381	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	497	None
chr15:73703090:G/T:1	chr15	73703090	G|T	1	CD276	NM_001024736	80381	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr15:73703090:G/T:1	chr15	73703090	G|T	1	CD276	NM_001329629	80381	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr15:74348128:C/T:1	chr15	74348128	C|T	1	CYP11A1	NM_001099773	1583	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	73	None
chr15:74348128:C/T:1	chr15	74348128	C|T	1	CYP11A1	NM_000781	1583	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	73	None
chr15:74802540:C/T:1	chr15	74802540	C|T	1	CSK	NM_001127190	1445	3utr	1563	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:74802540:C/T:1	chr15	74802540	C|T	1	CSK	NM_001354988	1445	3utr	1812	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:74802540:C/T:1	chr15	74802540	C|T	1	CSK	NM_004383	1445	3utr	2082	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:75017609:C/A:1	chr15	75017609	C|A	1	SCAMP5	NR_033660	192683	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	261	None
chr15:75017609:C/A:1	chr15	75017609	C|A	1	SCAMP5	NM_001178111	192683	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	261	None
chr15:75017609:C/A:1	chr15	75017609	C|A	1	SCAMP5	NM_001178112	192683	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	261	None
chr15:75017609:C/A:1	chr15	75017609	C|A	1	SCAMP5	NM_138967	192683	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	261	None
chr15:75206403:G/C:1	chr15	75206403	G|C	1	C15orf39	NM_015492	56905	coding	583	355	119	A>P	nonsyn	None	MAEKRPLRTLGPVMYGKLPRLETDSGLEHSLPHSVGNQDPCTYKGSYFSCPMAGTPKAESEQLASWTPYPPLYSTGMAGPPLQADNLLTNCLFYRSPAEGPEKMQDSSPVELLPFSPQAHSYPGPPLAAPKPVYRNPLCYGLSTCLGEGAVKRPLDVDWTLATGPLLPSADPPCSLAPAPSKGQTLDGTFLRGVPAEGSSKDSSGSFSPCQPFLEKYQTIHSTGFLASRYTGPYPRNSKQAMSEGPSSPWTQLAQPLGPPCQDTGPTHYPPPHHPPPHPPQALPCPPACRHPEKQGSYSPALPLQPLGGHKGTGYQAGGLGSPYLRQQAAQAPYIPPLGLDAYPYPSAPLPAPSPGLKLEPPLTPRCPLDFAPQTLSFPYARDDLSLYGASPGLGGTPPSQNNVRAVPQPGAFQRACQPLPASQPCSEPVRPAQEAEEKTWLPSCRKEKLQPRLSEHSGPPIVIRDSPVPCTPPALPPCARECQSLPQKEGARPPSSPPMPVIDNVFSLAPYRDYLDVPAPEATTEPDSATAEPDSAPATSEGQDKGCRGTLPAQEGPSGSKPLRGSLKEEVALDLSVRKPTAEASPVKASRSVEHAKPTAAMDVPDVGNMVSDLPGLKKIDTEAPGLPGVPVTTDAMPRTNFHSSVAFMFRKFKILRPAPLPAAVVPSTPTSAPAPTQPAPTPTSGPIGLRILAQQPLSVTCFSLALPSPPAVAVASPAPAPAPSPAPARAQAPASARDPAPAPAPVAGPAPASTSAPGDSLEQHFTGLHASLCDAISGSVAHSPPEKLREWLETAGPWGQAAWQDCQGVQGLLAKLLSQLQRFDRTHRCPFPHVVRAGAIFVPIHLVKERLFPRLPPASVDHVLQEHRVELRPTTLSEERALRELALPGCTSRMLKLLALRQLPDIYPDLLGLQWRDCVRRQLGDFDTEAGAVSSSEPTVARGEPESLALAQKSPAPKVRKPGRKPPTPGPEKAEAAAGEESCGASPTPATSASPPGPTLKARFRSLLETAWLNGLALPTWGHKSSRPDQPSPCPQLLDSQSHHL*|MAEKRPLRTLGPVMYGKLPRLETDSGLEHSLPHSVGNQDPCTYKGSYFSCPMAGTPKAESEQLASWTPYPPLYSTGMAGPPLQADNLLTNCLFYRSPAEGPEKMQDSSPVELLPFSPQPHSYPGPPLAAPKPVYRNPLCYGLSTCLGEGAVKRPLDVDWTLATGPLLPSADPPCSLAPAPSKGQTLDGTFLRGVPAEGSSKDSSGSFSPCQPFLEKYQTIHSTGFLASRYTGPYPRNSKQAMSEGPSSPWTQLAQPLGPPCQDTGPTHYPPPHHPPPHPPQALPCPPACRHPEKQGSYSPALPLQPLGGHKGTGYQAGGLGSPYLRQQAAQAPYIPPLGLDAYPYPSAPLPAPSPGLKLEPPLTPRCPLDFAPQTLSFPYARDDLSLYGASPGLGGTPPSQNNVRAVPQPGAFQRACQPLPASQPCSEPVRPAQEAEEKTWLPSCRKEKLQPRLSEHSGPPIVIRDSPVPCTPPALPPCARECQSLPQKEGARPPSSPPMPVIDNVFSLAPYRDYLDVPAPEATTEPDSATAEPDSAPATSEGQDKGCRGTLPAQEGPSGSKPLRGSLKEEVALDLSVRKPTAEASPVKASRSVEHAKPTAAMDVPDVGNMVSDLPGLKKIDTEAPGLPGVPVTTDAMPRTNFHSSVAFMFRKFKILRPAPLPAAVVPSTPTSAPAPTQPAPTPTSGPIGLRILAQQPLSVTCFSLALPSPPAVAVASPAPAPAPSPAPARAQAPASARDPAPAPAPVAGPAPASTSAPGDSLEQHFTGLHASLCDAISGSVAHSPPEKLREWLETAGPWGQAAWQDCQGVQGLLAKLLSQLQRFDRTHRCPFPHVVRAGAIFVPIHLVKERLFPRLPPASVDHVLQEHRVELRPTTLSEERALRELALPGCTSRMLKLLALRQLPDIYPDLLGLQWRDCVRRQLGDFDTEAGAVSSSEPTVARGEPESLALAQKSPAPKVRKPGRKPPTPGPEKAEAAAGEESCGASPTPATSASPPGPTLKARFRSLLETAWLNGLALPTWGHKSSRPDQPSPCPQLLDSQSHHL*
chr15:75355845:G/C:1	chr15	75355845	G|C	1	NEIL1	NM_001256552	79661	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:75355845:G/C:1	chr15	75355845	G|C	1	NEIL1	NM_001352520	79661	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:75355845:G/C:1	chr15	75355845	G|C	1	NEIL1	NM_024608	79661	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:75355845:G/C:1	chr15	75355845	G|C	1	NEIL1	NR_046311	79661	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:75355845:G/C:1	chr15	75355845	G|C	1	MAN2C1	NM_001256494	4123	3utr	3279	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:75355845:G/C:1	chr15	75355845	G|C	1	MAN2C1	NM_001256495	4123	3utr	3159	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:75355845:G/C:1	chr15	75355845	G|C	1	MAN2C1	NM_001256496	4123	3utr	2931	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:75355845:G/C:1	chr15	75355845	G|C	1	MAN2C1	NM_006715	4123	3utr	3208	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:75409706:G/A:1	chr15	75409706	G|A	1	SIN3A	NM_001145357	25942	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	130	None
chr15:75409706:G/A:1	chr15	75409706	G|A	1	SIN3A	NM_001145358	25942	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	130	None
chr15:75409706:G/A:1	chr15	75409706	G|A	1	SIN3A	NM_015477	25942	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	130	None
chr15:75675473:A/G:1	chr15	75675473	A|G	1	CSPG4	NM_001897	1464	3utr	7139	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:76261301:A/T:1	chr15	76261301	A|T	1	ETFA	NM_000126	2108	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	13111	None
chr15:76261301:A/T:1	chr15	76261301	A|T	1	ETFA	NM_001127716	2108	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	13111	None
chr15:76261301:A/T:1	chr15	76261301	A|T	1	TYRO3P	NR_028510	7302	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:77530073:A/G:1	chr15	77530073	A|G	1	LOC101929457	NR_135692	101929457	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1030	None
chr15:78886316:G/C:1	chr15	78886316	G|C	1	MORF4L1	NM_001265603	10933	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	89	None
chr15:78886316:G/C:1	chr15	78886316	G|C	1	MORF4L1	NM_001265604	10933	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	89	None
chr15:78886316:G/C:1	chr15	78886316	G|C	1	MORF4L1	NM_001265605	10933	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	89	None
chr15:78886316:G/C:1	chr15	78886316	G|C	1	MORF4L1	NM_006791	10933	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	89	None
chr15:78886316:G/C:1	chr15	78886316	G|C	1	MORF4L1	NM_206839	10933	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	89	None
chr15:82327120:C/A:1	chr15	82327120	C|A	1	ADAMTS7P1	NR_045529	390660	non-coding	2907	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:82431921:C/T:1	chr15	82431921	C|T	1	GOLGA6L9	NM_001291420	440295	5utr	204	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:82431921:C/T:1	chr15	82431921	C|T	1	GOLGA6L9	NM_198181	440295	coding	276	176	59	T>I	nonsyn	None	MWPQPRLPPHPAMSEKTQQGKLAAAKKKLKAYWQRKSPGIPAGANRKKKINGSSPDTFTSGGYHSPGDSATGIYGEGRASSTTLQDLESQYQELAVALDSSSAIISQLTENINSLVRTSKEEKKHEIHLVQKLGRSLFKLKNQTAEPLAPQPPAGPSKMEQLQDETNHLRKELESVGRQLQAEVENNQMLSLLNRRQEERLREQEERLREQEERLCEQEERLCEQEERLREQEERLCEQEKLPGQERLLEEVEKLLEQERRQEEQERLLERERLLDEVEELLEQERLRQQDERLWQQETLRELERLRELERMLELGWEALYEQRAEPRSGFEELNNENKSTLQLEQQVKELEKSGGAEEPRGSESAAAARPVAGAPVPQGAWMCGQAGWTPQEHPGLSGEAVGTGEAAGGAGEAACHSFRAAENRELNITII*|MWPQPRLPPHPAMSEKTQQGKLAAAKKKLKAYWQRKSPGIPAGANRKKKINGSSPDTFISGGYHSPGDSATGIYGEGRASSTTLQDLESQYQELAVALDSSSAIISQLTENINSLVRTSKEEKKHEIHLVQKLGRSLFKLKNQTAEPLAPQPPAGPSKMEQLQDETNHLRKELESVGRQLQAEVENNQMLSLLNRRQEERLREQEERLREQEERLCEQEERLCEQEERLREQEERLCEQEKLPGQERLLEEVEKLLEQERRQEEQERLLERERLLDEVEELLEQERLRQQDERLWQQETLRELERLRELERMLELGWEALYEQRAEPRSGFEELNNENKSTLQLEQQVKELEKSGGAEEPRGSESAAAARPVAGAPVPQGAWMCGQAGWTPQEHPGLSGEAVGTGEAAGGAGEAACHSFRAAENRELNITII*
chr15:83110003:G/T:1	chr15	83110003	G|T	1	TM6SF1	NM_001144903	53346	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2231	None
chr15:83110003:G/T:1	chr15	83110003	G|T	1	TM6SF1	NM_001330385	53346	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2231	None
chr15:83110003:G/T:1	chr15	83110003	G|T	1	TM6SF1	NM_001353878	53346	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2231	None
chr15:83110003:G/T:1	chr15	83110003	G|T	1	TM6SF1	NM_001353881	53346	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2231	None
chr15:83110003:G/T:1	chr15	83110003	G|T	1	TM6SF1	NM_001353884	53346	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2231	None
chr15:83110003:G/T:1	chr15	83110003	G|T	1	TM6SF1	NM_023003	53346	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2231	None
chr15:83110003:G/T:1	chr15	83110003	G|T	1	TM6SF1	NR_148560	53346	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2231	None
chr15:83110003:G/T:1	chr15	83110003	G|T	1	TM6SF1	NR_148561	53346	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2231	None
chr15:83110003:G/T:1	chr15	83110003	G|T	1	TM6SF1	NM_001353879	53346	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2117	None
chr15:83110003:G/T:1	chr15	83110003	G|T	1	TM6SF1	NM_001353880	53346	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2117	None
chr15:83110003:G/T:1	chr15	83110003	G|T	1	TM6SF1	NM_001353882	53346	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2117	None
chr15:83110003:G/T:1	chr15	83110003	G|T	1	TM6SF1	NM_001353883	53346	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2117	None
chr15:89263297:C/A:1	chr15	89263297	C|A	1	FANCI	NM_001113378	55215	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	122	None
chr15:89263297:C/A:1	chr15	89263297	C|A	1	FANCI	NM_018193	55215	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	122	None
chr15:89304999:T/C:1	chr15	89304999	T|C	1	FANCI	NM_001113378	55215	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	116	None
chr15:89304999:T/C:1	chr15	89304999	T|C	1	FANCI	NM_018193	55215	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	116	None
chr15:89801121:T/C:1	chr15	89801121	T|C	1	ANPEP	NM_001150	290	coding	2113	1809	603	I>M	nonsyn	None	MAKGFYISKSLGILGILLGVAAVCTIIALSVVYSQEKNKNANSSPVASTTPSASATTNPASATTLDQSKAWNRYRLPNTLKPDSYRVTLRPYLTPNDRGLYVFKGSSTVRFTCKEATDVIIIHSKKLNYTLSQGHRVVLRGVGGSQPPDIDKTELVEPTEYLVVHLKGSLVKDSQYEMDSEFEGELADDLAGFYRSEYMEGNVRKVVATTQMQAADARKSFPCFDEPAMKAEFNITLIHPKDLTALSNMLPKGPSTPLPEDPNWNVTEFHTTPKMSTYLLAFIVSEFDYVEKQASNGVLIRIWARPSAIAAGHGDYALNVTGPILNFFAGHYDTPYPLPKSDQIGLPDFNAGAMENWGLVTYRENSLLFDPLSSSSSNKERVVTVIAHELAHQWFGNLVTIEWWNDLWLNEGFASYVEYLGADYAEPTWNLKDLMVLNDVYRVMAVDALASSHPLSTPASEINTPAQISELFDAISYSKGASVLRMLSSFLSEDVFKQGLASYLHTFAYQNTIYLNLWDHLQEAVNNRSIQLPTTVRDIMNRWTLQMGFPVITVDTSTGTLSQEHFLLDPDSNVTRPSEFNYVWIVPITSIRDGRQQQDYWLIDVRAQNDLFSTSGNEWVLLNLNVTGYYRVNYDEENWRKIQTQLQRDHSAIPVINRAQIINDAFNLASAHKVPVTLALNNTLFLIEERQYMPWEAALSSLSYFKLMFDRSEVYGPMKNYLKKQVTPLFIHFRNNTNNWREIPENLMDQYSEVNAISTACSNGVPECEEMVSGLFKQWMENPNNNPIHPNLRSTVYCNAIAQGGEEEWDFAWEQFRNATLVNEADKLRAALACSKELWILNRYLSYTLNPDLIRKQDATSTIISITNNVIGQGLVWDFVQSNWKKLFNDYGGGSFSFSNLIQAVTRRFSTEYELQQLEQFKKDNEETGFGSGTRALEQALEKTKANIKWVKENKEVVLQWFTENSK*|MAKGFYISKSLGILGILLGVAAVCTIIALSVVYSQEKNKNANSSPVASTTPSASATTNPASATTLDQSKAWNRYRLPNTLKPDSYRVTLRPYLTPNDRGLYVFKGSSTVRFTCKEATDVIIIHSKKLNYTLSQGHRVVLRGVGGSQPPDIDKTELVEPTEYLVVHLKGSLVKDSQYEMDSEFEGELADDLAGFYRSEYMEGNVRKVVATTQMQAADARKSFPCFDEPAMKAEFNITLIHPKDLTALSNMLPKGPSTPLPEDPNWNVTEFHTTPKMSTYLLAFIVSEFDYVEKQASNGVLIRIWARPSAIAAGHGDYALNVTGPILNFFAGHYDTPYPLPKSDQIGLPDFNAGAMENWGLVTYRENSLLFDPLSSSSSNKERVVTVIAHELAHQWFGNLVTIEWWNDLWLNEGFASYVEYLGADYAEPTWNLKDLMVLNDVYRVMAVDALASSHPLSTPASEINTPAQISELFDAISYSKGASVLRMLSSFLSEDVFKQGLASYLHTFAYQNTIYLNLWDHLQEAVNNRSIQLPTTVRDIMNRWTLQMGFPVITVDTSTGTLSQEHFLLDPDSNVTRPSEFNYVWIVPITSIRDGRQQQDYWLMDVRAQNDLFSTSGNEWVLLNLNVTGYYRVNYDEENWRKIQTQLQRDHSAIPVINRAQIINDAFNLASAHKVPVTLALNNTLFLIEERQYMPWEAALSSLSYFKLMFDRSEVYGPMKNYLKKQVTPLFIHFRNNTNNWREIPENLMDQYSEVNAISTACSNGVPECEEMVSGLFKQWMENPNNNPIHPNLRSTVYCNAIAQGGEEEWDFAWEQFRNATLVNEADKLRAALACSKELWILNRYLSYTLNPDLIRKQDATSTIISITNNVIGQGLVWDFVQSNWKKLFNDYGGGSFSFSNLIQAVTRRFSTEYELQQLEQFKKDNEETGFGSGTRALEQALEKTKANIKWVKENKEVVLQWFTENSK*
chr15:90345730:A/G:1	chr15	90345730	A|G	1	GABARAPL3	NR_028287	23766	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:90390695:A/G:1	chr15	90390695	A|G	1	IQGAP1	NM_003870	8826	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr15:90485816:T/C:1	chr15	90485816	T|C	1	IQGAP1	NM_003870	8826	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	214	None
chr15:90672853:G/T:1	chr15	90672853	G|T	1	CRTC3-AS1	NR_120372	101926895	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	31596	None
chr15:91014129:G/T:1	chr15	91014129	G|T	1	VPS33B	NM_001289148	26276	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	255	None
chr15:91014129:G/T:1	chr15	91014129	G|T	1	VPS33B	NM_001289149	26276	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	255	None
chr15:91014129:G/T:1	chr15	91014129	G|T	1	VPS33B	NM_018668	26276	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	255	None
chr15:92412994:G/T:1	chr15	92412994	G|T	1	ST8SIA2	NM_006011	8128	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17055	None
chr15:92412994:G/T:1	chr15	92412994	G|T	1	ST8SIA2	NM_001330416	8128	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	18832	None
chr15:94398903:A/T:1	chr15	94398903	A|T	1	MCTP2	NM_001159643	55784	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58	None
chr15:94398903:A/T:1	chr15	94398903	A|T	1	MCTP2	NM_001159644	55784	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58	None
chr15:94398903:A/T:1	chr15	94398903	A|T	1	MCTP2	NM_018349	55784	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58	None
chr15:100472812:G/T:1	chr15	100472812	G|T	1	CERS3	NM_001290341	204219	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	112	None
chr15:100472812:G/T:1	chr15	100472812	G|T	1	CERS3	NM_001290342	204219	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	112	None
chr15:100472812:G/T:1	chr15	100472812	G|T	1	CERS3	NM_001290343	204219	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	112	None
chr15:100472812:G/T:1	chr15	100472812	G|T	1	CERS3	NM_178842	204219	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	112	None
chr15:101281621:G/T:1	chr15	101281621	G|T	1	SNRPA1	NM_003090	6627	3utr	941	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:101281621:G/T:1	chr15	101281621	G|T	1	SNRPA1	NR_135506	6627	non-coding	668	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:101281621:G/T:1	chr15	101281621	G|T	1	SNRPA1	NR_135507	6627	non-coding	621	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr15:101281621:G/T:1	chr15	101281621	G|T	1	SNRPA1	NR_135508	6627	non-coding	895	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr16:368429:A/G:1	chr16	368429	A|G	1	MRPL28	NM_006428	10573	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr16:2287934:C/A:1	chr16	2287934	C|A	1	ABCA3	NM_001089	21	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	92	None
chr16:16203671:G/A:1	chr16	16203671	G|A	1	ABCC6	NM_001171	368	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58	None
chr16:16203671:G/A:1	chr16	16203671	G|A	1	ABCC6	NM_001351800	368	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58	None
chr16:16203671:G/A:1	chr16	16203671	G|A	1	ABCC6	NR_147784	368	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58	None
chr16:20621896:G/T:1	chr16	20621896	G|T	1	ACSM1	NM_001318890	116285	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr16:20621896:G/T:1	chr16	20621896	G|T	1	ACSM1	NM_052956	116285	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr16:20621896:G/T:1	chr16	20621896	G|T	1	ACSM1	NR_134918	116285	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr16:21058312:C/A:1	chr16	21058312	C|A	1	DNAH3	NM_001347886	55567	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	116	None
chr16:21058312:C/A:1	chr16	21058312	C|A	1	DNAH3	NM_017539	55567	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	116	None
chr16:23469223:G/T:1	chr16	23469223	G|T	1	GGA2	NM_015044	23062	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	227	None
chr16:23867049:C/T:1	chr16	23867049	C|T	1	PRKCB	NM_002738	5579	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29643	None
chr16:23867049:C/T:1	chr16	23867049	C|T	1	PRKCB	NM_212535	5579	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29643	None
chr16:28494528:G/T:1	chr16	28494528	G|T	1	APOBR	NM_018690	55911	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr16:28592021:A/G:1	chr16	28592021	A|G	1	SGF29	NM_138414	112869	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr16:28592021:A/G:1	chr16	28592021	A|G	1	SULT1A2	NM_001054	6799	3utr	953	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr16:28592021:A/G:1	chr16	28592021	A|G	1	SULT1A2	NM_001363863	6799	3utr	1034	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr16:28592021:A/G:1	chr16	28592021	A|G	1	SULT1A2	NM_177528	6799	3utr	1246	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr16:28592334:T/G:1	chr16	28592334	T|G	1	SGF29	NM_138414	112869	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr16:28592334:T/G:1	chr16	28592334	T|G	1	SULT1A2	NM_001054	6799	coding	762	704	235	N>T	nonsyn	None	MELIQDISRPPLEYVKGVPLIKYFAEALGPLQSFQARPDDLLISTYPKSGTTWVSQILDMIYQGGDLEKCHRAPIFMRVPFLEFKVPGIPSGMETLKNTPAPRLLKTHLPLALLPQTLLDQKVKVVYVARNAKDVAVSYYHFYHMAKVYPHPGTWESFLEKFMAGEVSYGSWYQHVQEWWELSRTHPVLYLFYEDMKENPKREIQKILEFVGRSLPEETVDLMVEHTSFKEMKKNPMTNYTTVRREFMDHSISPFMRKGMAGDWKTTFTVAQNERFDADYAKKMAGCSLSFRSEL*|MELIQDISRPPLEYVKGVPLIKYFAEALGPLQSFQARPDDLLISTYPKSGTTWVSQILDMIYQGGDLEKCHRAPIFMRVPFLEFKVPGIPSGMETLKNTPAPRLLKTHLPLALLPQTLLDQKVKVVYVARNAKDVAVSYYHFYHMAKVYPHPGTWESFLEKFMAGEVSYGSWYQHVQEWWELSRTHPVLYLFYEDMKENPKREIQKILEFVGRSLPEETVDLMVEHTSFKEMKKTPMTNYTTVRREFMDHSISPFMRKGMAGDWKTTFTVAQNERFDADYAKKMAGCSLSFRSEL*
chr16:28592334:T/G:1	chr16	28592334	T|G	1	SULT1A2	NM_177528	6799	coding	1055	704	235	N>T	nonsyn	None	MELIQDISRPPLEYVKGVPLIKYFAEALGPLQSFQARPDDLLISTYPKSGTTWVSQILDMIYQGGDLEKCHRAPIFMRVPFLEFKVPGIPSGMETLKNTPAPRLLKTHLPLALLPQTLLDQKVKVVYVARNAKDVAVSYYHFYHMAKVYPHPGTWESFLEKFMAGEVSYGSWYQHVQEWWELSRTHPVLYLFYEDMKENPKREIQKILEFVGRSLPEETVDLMVEHTSFKEMKKNPMTNYTTVRREFMDHSISPFMRKGMAGDWKTTFTVAQNERFDADYAKKMAGCSLSFRSEL*|MELIQDISRPPLEYVKGVPLIKYFAEALGPLQSFQARPDDLLISTYPKSGTTWVSQILDMIYQGGDLEKCHRAPIFMRVPFLEFKVPGIPSGMETLKNTPAPRLLKTHLPLALLPQTLLDQKVKVVYVARNAKDVAVSYYHFYHMAKVYPHPGTWESFLEKFMAGEVSYGSWYQHVQEWWELSRTHPVLYLFYEDMKENPKREIQKILEFVGRSLPEETVDLMVEHTSFKEMKKTPMTNYTTVRREFMDHSISPFMRKGMAGDWKTTFTVAQNERFDADYAKKMAGCSLSFRSEL*
chr16:28592334:T/G:1	chr16	28592334	T|G	1	SULT1A2	NM_001363863	6799	coding	843	605	202	N>T	nonsyn	None	MELIQDISRPPLEYVKGVPLIKYFAEALGPLQSFQARPDDLLISTYPKSGTTWVSQILDMIYQGGDLEKCHRAPIFMRVPFLEFKVPGIPSGVCVLGARGVEEDRAGASAHQTFPDPLLRDGDSEKHTSPTTPEDTPAPGSAPPDSVGSEGQAIQASTEEPSAAQNPKREIQKILEFVGRSLPEETVDLMVEHTSFKEMKKNPMTNYTTVRREFMDHSISPFMRKGMAGDWKTTFTVAQNERFDADYAKKMAGCSLSFRSEL*|MELIQDISRPPLEYVKGVPLIKYFAEALGPLQSFQARPDDLLISTYPKSGTTWVSQILDMIYQGGDLEKCHRAPIFMRVPFLEFKVPGIPSGVCVLGARGVEEDRAGASAHQTFPDPLLRDGDSEKHTSPTTPEDTPAPGSAPPDSVGSEGQAIQASTEEPSAAQNPKREIQKILEFVGRSLPEETVDLMVEHTSFKEMKKTPMTNYTTVRREFMDHSISPFMRKGMAGDWKTTFTVAQNERFDADYAKKMAGCSLSFRSEL*
chr16:30494137:C/A:1	chr16	30494137	C|A	1	ITGAL	NM_001114380	3683	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	75	None
chr16:30494137:C/A:1	chr16	30494137	C|A	1	ITGAL	NM_002209	3683	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	75	None
chr16:30949418:G/A:1	chr16	30949418	G|A	1	FBXL19	NM_001099784	54620	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr16:30949418:G/A:1	chr16	30949418	G|A	1	FBXL19	NM_001282351	54620	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr16:30949418:G/A:1	chr16	30949418	G|A	1	ORAI3	NM_152288	93129	coding	351	129	43	Q>Q	syn	None	MKGGEGDAGEQAPLNPEGESPAGSATYREFVHRGYLDLMGASQHSLRALSWRRLYLSRAKLKASSRTSALLSGFAMVAMVEVQLESDHEYPPGLLVAFSACTTVLVAVHLFALMVSTCLLPHIEAVSNIHNLNSVHQSPHQRLHRYVELAWGFSTALGTFLFLAEVVLVGWVKFVPIGAPLDTPTPMVPTSRVPGTLAPVATSLSPASNLPRSSASAAPSQAEPACPPRQACGGGGAHGPGWQAAMASTAIMVPVGLVFVAFALHFYRSLVAHKTDRYKQELEELNRLQGELQAV*
chr16:31299762:C/T:1	chr16	31299762	C|T	1	ITGAM	NM_000632	3684	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1808	None
chr16:31299762:C/T:1	chr16	31299762	C|T	1	ITGAM	NM_001145808	3684	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1808	None
chr16:31426083:T/G:1	chr16	31426083	T|G	1	COX6A2	NM_005205	1339	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr16:31426083:T/G:1	chr16	31426083	T|G	1	ITGAD	NM_001318185	3681	coding	3493	3444	1148	S>R	nonsyn	None	MTFGTVLLLSVLASYHGFNLDVEEPTIFQEDAGGFGQSVVQFGGSRLVVGAPLEVVAANQTGRLYDCAAATGMCQPIPLHIRPEAVNMSLGLTLAASTNGSRLLACGPTLHRVCGENSYSKGSCLLLGSRWEIIQTVPDATPECPHQEMDIVFLIDGSGSIDQNDFNQMKGFVQAVMGQFEGTDTLFALMQYSNLLKIHFTFTQFRTSPSQQSLVDPIVQLKGLTFTATGILTVVTQLFHHKNGARKSAKKILIVITDGQKYKDPLEYSDVIPQAEKAGIIRYAIGVGHAFQGPTARQELNTISSAPPQDHVFKVDNFAALGSIQKQLQEKIYAVEGTQSRASSSFQHEMSQEGFSTALTMDGLFLGAVGSFSWSGGAFLYPPNMSPTFINMSQENVDMRDSYLGYSTELALWKGVQNLVLGAPRYQHTGKAVIFTQVSRQWRKKAEVTGTQIGSYFGASLCSVDVDSDGSTDLILIGAPHYYEQTRGGQVSVCPLPRGQRVQWQCDAVLRGEQGHPWGRFGAALTVLGDVNEDKLIDVAIGAPGEQENRGAVYLFHGASESGISPSHSQRIASSQLSPRLQYFGQALSGGQDLTQDGLMDLAVGARGQVLLLRSLPVLKVGVAMRFSPVEVAKAVYRCWEEKPSALEAGDATVCLTIQKSSLDQLGDIQSSVRFDLALDPGRLTSRAIFNETKNPTLTRRKTLGLGIHCETLKLLLPDCVEDVVSPIILHLNFSLVREPIPSPQNLRPVLAVGSQDLFTASLPFEKNCGQDGLCEGDLGVTLSFSGLQTLTVGSSLELNVIVTVWNAGEDSYGTVVSLYYPAGLSHRRVSGAQKQPHQSALRLACETVPTEDEGLRSSRCSVNHPIFHEGSNGTFIVTFDVSYKATLGDRMLMRASASSENNKASSSKATFQLELPVKYAVYTMISRQEESTKYFNFATSDEKKMKEAEHRYRVNNLSQRDLAISINFWVPVLLNGVAVWDVVMEAPSQSLPCVSERKPPQHSDFLTQISRSPMLDCSIADCLQFRCDVPSFSVQEELDFTLKGNLSFGWVRETLQKKVLVVSVAEITFDTSVYSQLPGQEAFMRAQMEMVLEEDEVYNAIPIIMGSSVGALLLLALITATLYKLGFFKRHYKEMLEDKPEDTATFSGDDFSCVAPNVPLS*|MTFGTVLLLSVLASYHGFNLDVEEPTIFQEDAGGFGQSVVQFGGSRLVVGAPLEVVAANQTGRLYDCAAATGMCQPIPLHIRPEAVNMSLGLTLAASTNGSRLLACGPTLHRVCGENSYSKGSCLLLGSRWEIIQTVPDATPECPHQEMDIVFLIDGSGSIDQNDFNQMKGFVQAVMGQFEGTDTLFALMQYSNLLKIHFTFTQFRTSPSQQSLVDPIVQLKGLTFTATGILTVVTQLFHHKNGARKSAKKILIVITDGQKYKDPLEYSDVIPQAEKAGIIRYAIGVGHAFQGPTARQELNTISSAPPQDHVFKVDNFAALGSIQKQLQEKIYAVEGTQSRASSSFQHEMSQEGFSTALTMDGLFLGAVGSFSWSGGAFLYPPNMSPTFINMSQENVDMRDSYLGYSTELALWKGVQNLVLGAPRYQHTGKAVIFTQVSRQWRKKAEVTGTQIGSYFGASLCSVDVDSDGSTDLILIGAPHYYEQTRGGQVSVCPLPRGQRVQWQCDAVLRGEQGHPWGRFGAALTVLGDVNEDKLIDVAIGAPGEQENRGAVYLFHGASESGISPSHSQRIASSQLSPRLQYFGQALSGGQDLTQDGLMDLAVGARGQVLLLRSLPVLKVGVAMRFSPVEVAKAVYRCWEEKPSALEAGDATVCLTIQKSSLDQLGDIQSSVRFDLALDPGRLTSRAIFNETKNPTLTRRKTLGLGIHCETLKLLLPDCVEDVVSPIILHLNFSLVREPIPSPQNLRPVLAVGSQDLFTASLPFEKNCGQDGLCEGDLGVTLSFSGLQTLTVGSSLELNVIVTVWNAGEDSYGTVVSLYYPAGLSHRRVSGAQKQPHQSALRLACETVPTEDEGLRSSRCSVNHPIFHEGSNGTFIVTFDVSYKATLGDRMLMRASASSENNKASSSKATFQLELPVKYAVYTMISRQEESTKYFNFATSDEKKMKEAEHRYRVNNLSQRDLAISINFWVPVLLNGVAVWDVVMEAPSQSLPCVSERKPPQHSDFLTQISRSPMLDCSIADCLQFRCDVPSFSVQEELDFTLKGNLSFGWVRETLQKKVLVVSVAEITFDTSVYSQLPGQEAFMRAQMEMVLEEDEVYNAIPIIMGSSVGALLLLALITATLYKLGFFKRHYKEMLEDKPEDTATFRGDDFSCVAPNVPLS*
chr16:31426083:T/G:1	chr16	31426083	T|G	1	ITGAD	NM_005353	3681	coding	3490	3441	1147	S>R	nonsyn	None	MTFGTVLLLSVLASYHGFNLDVEEPTIFQEDAGGFGQSVVQFGGSRLVVGAPLEVVAANQTGRLYDCAAATGMCQPIPLHIRPEAVNMSLGLTLAASTNGSRLLACGPTLHRVCGENSYSKGSCLLLGSRWEIIQTVPDATPECPHQEMDIVFLIDGSGSIDQNDFNQMKGFVQAVMGQFEGTDTLFALMQYSNLLKIHFTFTQFRTSPSQQSLVDPIVQLKGLTFTATGILTVVTQLFHHKNGARKSAKKILIVITDGQKYKDPLEYSDVIPQAEKAGIIRYAIGVGHAFQGPTARQELNTISSAPPQDHVFKVDNFAALGSIQKQLQEKIYAVEGTQSRASSSFQHEMSQEGFSTALTMDGLFLGAVGSFSWSGGAFLYPPNMSPTFINMSQENVDMRDSYLGYSTELALWKGVQNLVLGAPRYQHTGKAVIFTQVSRQWRKKAEVTGTQIGSYFGASLCSVDVDSDGSTDLILIGAPHYYEQTRGGQVSVCPLPRGRVQWQCDAVLRGEQGHPWGRFGAALTVLGDVNEDKLIDVAIGAPGEQENRGAVYLFHGASESGISPSHSQRIASSQLSPRLQYFGQALSGGQDLTQDGLMDLAVGARGQVLLLRSLPVLKVGVAMRFSPVEVAKAVYRCWEEKPSALEAGDATVCLTIQKSSLDQLGDIQSSVRFDLALDPGRLTSRAIFNETKNPTLTRRKTLGLGIHCETLKLLLPDCVEDVVSPIILHLNFSLVREPIPSPQNLRPVLAVGSQDLFTASLPFEKNCGQDGLCEGDLGVTLSFSGLQTLTVGSSLELNVIVTVWNAGEDSYGTVVSLYYPAGLSHRRVSGAQKQPHQSALRLACETVPTEDEGLRSSRCSVNHPIFHEGSNGTFIVTFDVSYKATLGDRMLMRASASSENNKASSSKATFQLELPVKYAVYTMISRQEESTKYFNFATSDEKKMKEAEHRYRVNNLSQRDLAISINFWVPVLLNGVAVWDVVMEAPSQSLPCVSERKPPQHSDFLTQISRSPMLDCSIADCLQFRCDVPSFSVQEELDFTLKGNLSFGWVRETLQKKVLVVSVAEITFDTSVYSQLPGQEAFMRAQMEMVLEEDEVYNAIPIIMGSSVGALLLLALITATLYKLGFFKRHYKEMLEDKPEDTATFSGDDFSCVAPNVPLS*|MTFGTVLLLSVLASYHGFNLDVEEPTIFQEDAGGFGQSVVQFGGSRLVVGAPLEVVAANQTGRLYDCAAATGMCQPIPLHIRPEAVNMSLGLTLAASTNGSRLLACGPTLHRVCGENSYSKGSCLLLGSRWEIIQTVPDATPECPHQEMDIVFLIDGSGSIDQNDFNQMKGFVQAVMGQFEGTDTLFALMQYSNLLKIHFTFTQFRTSPSQQSLVDPIVQLKGLTFTATGILTVVTQLFHHKNGARKSAKKILIVITDGQKYKDPLEYSDVIPQAEKAGIIRYAIGVGHAFQGPTARQELNTISSAPPQDHVFKVDNFAALGSIQKQLQEKIYAVEGTQSRASSSFQHEMSQEGFSTALTMDGLFLGAVGSFSWSGGAFLYPPNMSPTFINMSQENVDMRDSYLGYSTELALWKGVQNLVLGAPRYQHTGKAVIFTQVSRQWRKKAEVTGTQIGSYFGASLCSVDVDSDGSTDLILIGAPHYYEQTRGGQVSVCPLPRGRVQWQCDAVLRGEQGHPWGRFGAALTVLGDVNEDKLIDVAIGAPGEQENRGAVYLFHGASESGISPSHSQRIASSQLSPRLQYFGQALSGGQDLTQDGLMDLAVGARGQVLLLRSLPVLKVGVAMRFSPVEVAKAVYRCWEEKPSALEAGDATVCLTIQKSSLDQLGDIQSSVRFDLALDPGRLTSRAIFNETKNPTLTRRKTLGLGIHCETLKLLLPDCVEDVVSPIILHLNFSLVREPIPSPQNLRPVLAVGSQDLFTASLPFEKNCGQDGLCEGDLGVTLSFSGLQTLTVGSSLELNVIVTVWNAGEDSYGTVVSLYYPAGLSHRRVSGAQKQPHQSALRLACETVPTEDEGLRSSRCSVNHPIFHEGSNGTFIVTFDVSYKATLGDRMLMRASASSENNKASSSKATFQLELPVKYAVYTMISRQEESTKYFNFATSDEKKMKEAEHRYRVNNLSQRDLAISINFWVPVLLNGVAVWDVVMEAPSQSLPCVSERKPPQHSDFLTQISRSPMLDCSIADCLQFRCDVPSFSVQEELDFTLKGNLSFGWVRETLQKKVLVVSVAEITFDTSVYSQLPGQEAFMRAQMEMVLEEDEVYNAIPIIMGSSVGALLLLALITATLYKLGFFKRHYKEMLEDKPEDTATFRGDDFSCVAPNVPLS*
chr16:31895162:G/A:1	chr16	31895162	G|A	1	ZNF267	NM_001265588	10308	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9906	None
chr16:31895162:G/A:1	chr16	31895162	G|A	1	ZNF267	NM_003414	10308	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9906	None
chr16:31895162:G/A:1	chr16	31895162	G|A	1	ZNF267	NR_049749	10308	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4912	None
chr16:35747400:G/T:1	chr16	35747400	G|T	1	LINC02167	NR_033985	400533	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	574	None
chr16:46618153:A/G:1	chr16	46618153	A|G	1	SHCBP1	NM_001324319	79801	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	52	None
chr16:46618153:A/G:1	chr16	46618153	A|G	1	SHCBP1	NM_024745	79801	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	52	None
chr16:46618153:A/G:1	chr16	46618153	A|G	1	SHCBP1	NR_136738	79801	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	52	None
chr16:46618153:A/G:1	chr16	46618153	A|G	1	SHCBP1	NM_001324318	79801	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	166	None
chr16:50711288:C/T:1	chr16	50711288	C|T	1	NOD2	NM_001293557	64127	coding	1442	1296	432	R>R	syn	None	MCSQEAFQAQRSQLVELLVSGSLEGFESVLDWLLSWEVLSWEDYEGFHLLGQPLSHLARRLLDTVWNKGTWACQKLIAAAQEAQADSQSPKLHGCWDPHSLHPARDLQSHRPAIVRRLHSHVENMLDLAWERGFVSQYECDEIRLPIFTPSQRARRLLDLATVKANGLAAFLLQHVQELPVPLALPLEAATCKKYMAKLRTTVSAQSRFLSTYDGAETLCLEDIYTENVLEVWADVGMAGPPQKSPATLGLEELFSTPGHLNDDADTVLVVGEAGSGKSTLLQRLHLLWAAGQDFQEFLFVFPFSCRQLQCMAKPLSVRTLLFEHCCWPDVGQEDIFQLLLDHPDRVLLTFDGFDEFKFRFTDRERHCSPTDPTSVQTLLFNLLQGNLLKNARKVVTSRPAAVSAFLRKYIRTEFNLKGFSEQGIELYLRKRHHEPGVADRLIRLLQETSALHGLCHLPVFSWMVSKCHQELLLQEGGSPKTTTDMYLLILQHFLLHATPPDSASQGLGPSLLRGRLPTLLHLGRLALWGLGMCCYVFSAQQLQAAQVSPDDISLGFLVRAKGVVPGSTAPLEFLHITFQCFFAAFYLALSADVPPALLRHLFNCGRPGNSPMARLLPTMCIQASEGKDSSVAALLQKAEPHNLQITAAFLAGLLSREHWGLLAECQTSEKALLRRQACARWCLARSLRKHFHSIPPAAPGEAKSVHAMPGFIWLIRSLYEMQEERLARKAARGLNVGHLKLTFCSVGPTECAALAFVLQHLRRPVALQLDYNSVGDIGVEQLLPCLGVCKALYLRDNNISDRGICKLIECALHCEQLQKLALFNNKLTDGCAHSMAKLLACRQNFLALRLGNNYITAAGAQVLAEGLRGNTSLQFLGFWGNRVGDEGAQALAEALGDHQSLRWLSLVGNNIGSVGAQALALMLAKNVMLEELCLEENHLQDEGVCSLAEGLKKNSSLKILKLSNNCITYLGAEALLQALERNDTILEVWLRGNTFSLEEVDKLGCRDTRLLL*
chr16:50711288:C/T:1	chr16	50711288	C|T	1	NOD2	NM_022162	64127	coding	1482	1377	459	R>R	syn	None	MGEEGGSASHDEEERASVLLGHSPGCEMCSQEAFQAQRSQLVELLVSGSLEGFESVLDWLLSWEVLSWEDYEGFHLLGQPLSHLARRLLDTVWNKGTWACQKLIAAAQEAQADSQSPKLHGCWDPHSLHPARDLQSHRPAIVRRLHSHVENMLDLAWERGFVSQYECDEIRLPIFTPSQRARRLLDLATVKANGLAAFLLQHVQELPVPLALPLEAATCKKYMAKLRTTVSAQSRFLSTYDGAETLCLEDIYTENVLEVWADVGMAGPPQKSPATLGLEELFSTPGHLNDDADTVLVVGEAGSGKSTLLQRLHLLWAAGQDFQEFLFVFPFSCRQLQCMAKPLSVRTLLFEHCCWPDVGQEDIFQLLLDHPDRVLLTFDGFDEFKFRFTDRERHCSPTDPTSVQTLLFNLLQGNLLKNARKVVTSRPAAVSAFLRKYIRTEFNLKGFSEQGIELYLRKRHHEPGVADRLIRLLQETSALHGLCHLPVFSWMVSKCHQELLLQEGGSPKTTTDMYLLILQHFLLHATPPDSASQGLGPSLLRGRLPTLLHLGRLALWGLGMCCYVFSAQQLQAAQVSPDDISLGFLVRAKGVVPGSTAPLEFLHITFQCFFAAFYLALSADVPPALLRHLFNCGRPGNSPMARLLPTMCIQASEGKDSSVAALLQKAEPHNLQITAAFLAGLLSREHWGLLAECQTSEKALLRRQACARWCLARSLRKHFHSIPPAAPGEAKSVHAMPGFIWLIRSLYEMQEERLARKAARGLNVGHLKLTFCSVGPTECAALAFVLQHLRRPVALQLDYNSVGDIGVEQLLPCLGVCKALYLRDNNISDRGICKLIECALHCEQLQKLALFNNKLTDGCAHSMAKLLACRQNFLALRLGNNYITAAGAQVLAEGLRGNTSLQFLGFWGNRVGDEGAQALAEALGDHQSLRWLSLVGNNIGSVGAQALALMLAKNVMLEELCLEENHLQDEGVCSLAEGLKKNSSLKILKLSNNCITYLGAEALLQALERNDTILEVWLRGNTFSLEEVDKLGCRDTRLLL*
chr16:51137759:C/T:1	chr16	51137759	C|T	1	MIR548AI	NR_039672	100616347	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46748	None
chr16:51137759:C/T:1	chr16	51137759	C|T	1	SALL1	NM_001127892	6299	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	211	None
chr16:51137759:C/T:1	chr16	51137759	C|T	1	SALL1	NM_002968	6299	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	211	None
chr16:53255530:C/A:1	chr16	53255530	C|A	1	CHD9	NM_001308319	80205	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	70	None
chr16:53255530:C/A:1	chr16	53255530	C|A	1	CHD9	NM_001352127	80205	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	70	None
chr16:53255530:C/A:1	chr16	53255530	C|A	1	CHD9	NM_001352156	80205	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	70	None
chr16:53255530:C/A:1	chr16	53255530	C|A	1	CHD9	NM_001352157	80205	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	70	None
chr16:53255530:C/A:1	chr16	53255530	C|A	1	CHD9	NM_001352158	80205	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	70	None
chr16:53255530:C/A:1	chr16	53255530	C|A	1	CHD9	NM_025134	80205	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	70	None
chr16:55566632:C/A:1	chr16	55566632	C|A	1	LPCAT2	NM_017839	54947	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7999	None
chr16:55566632:C/A:1	chr16	55566632	C|A	1	CAPNS2	NM_032330	84290	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr16:55656513:C/T:1	chr16	55656513	C|T	1	SLC6A2	NM_001172504	6530	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr16:55656513:C/T:1	chr16	55656513	C|T	1	SLC6A2	NM_001172501	6530	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	131	None
chr16:55656513:C/T:1	chr16	55656513	C|T	1	SLC6A2	NM_001043	6530	5utr	74	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr16:55830823:C/A:1	chr16	55830823	C|A	1	CES1	NM_001025194	1066	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1852	None
chr16:55830823:C/A:1	chr16	55830823	C|A	1	CES1	NM_001266	1066	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1852	None
chr16:55830823:C/A:1	chr16	55830823	C|A	1	CES1	NM_001025195	1066	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1849	None
chr16:56103314:G/T:1	chr16	56103314	G|T	1	LOC283856	NR_027078	283856	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	995	None
chr16:56879526:C/A:1	chr16	56879526	C|A	1	SLC12A3	NM_000339	6559	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	16	None
chr16:56879526:C/A:1	chr16	56879526	C|A	1	SLC12A3	NM_001126107	6559	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	16	None
chr16:56879526:C/A:1	chr16	56879526	C|A	1	SLC12A3	NM_001126108	6559	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	16	None
chr16:57136400:C/A:1	chr16	57136400	C|A	1	CPNE2	NM_152727	221184	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	749	None
chr16:57760705:G/A:1	chr16	57760705	G|A	1	KIFC3	NM_001130099	3801	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr16:57760705:G/A:1	chr16	57760705	G|A	1	KIFC3	NM_001130100	3801	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr16:57760705:G/A:1	chr16	57760705	G|A	1	KIFC3	NM_001318710	3801	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr16:57760705:G/A:1	chr16	57760705	G|A	1	KIFC3	NM_001318711	3801	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr16:57760705:G/A:1	chr16	57760705	G|A	1	KIFC3	NM_001318712	3801	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr16:57760705:G/A:1	chr16	57760705	G|A	1	KIFC3	NM_001318713	3801	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr16:57760705:G/A:1	chr16	57760705	G|A	1	KIFC3	NM_001318714	3801	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr16:57760705:G/A:1	chr16	57760705	G|A	1	KIFC3	NM_001318715	3801	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr16:57760705:G/A:1	chr16	57760705	G|A	1	KIFC3	NM_005550	3801	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr16:57760705:G/A:1	chr16	57760705	G|A	1	KIFC3	NR_134678	3801	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr16:68779429:G/T:1	chr16	68779429	G|T	1	CDH1	NM_001317184	999	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	22241	None
chr16:68779429:G/T:1	chr16	68779429	G|T	1	CDH1	NM_001317185	999	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	22241	None
chr16:68779429:G/T:1	chr16	68779429	G|T	1	CDH1	NM_001317186	999	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	22241	None
chr16:68779429:G/T:1	chr16	68779429	G|T	1	CDH1	NM_004360	999	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	22241	None
chr16:70011846:G/A:1	chr16	70011846	G|A	1	PDXDC2P-NPIPB14P	NR_003610	283970	non-coding	1457	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr16:81121284:C/G:1	chr16	81121284	C|G	1	PKD1L2	NM_001278425	114780	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	302	None
chr16:81121284:C/G:1	chr16	81121284	C|G	1	PKD1L2	NM_052892	114780	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	302	None
chr16:81121284:C/G:1	chr16	81121284	C|G	1	PKD1L2	NR_126532	114780	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	302	None
chr16:81245335:G/T:1	chr16	81245335	G|T	1	BCO1	NM_017429	53630	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	140	None
chr16:84194069:T/G:1	chr16	84194069	T|G	1	ADAD2	NM_001145400	161931	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	373	None
chr16:84194069:T/G:1	chr16	84194069	T|G	1	LOC654780	NR_147175	654780	non-coding	1040	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr16:84194069:T/G:1	chr16	84194069	T|G	1	ADAD2	NM_139174	161931	coding	596	482	161	V>G	nonsyn	None	MASASQGADDDGSRRKPRLAASLQISPQPRPWRPLPAQAQSAWGPAPAPATYRAEGGWPQVSVLRDSGPGAGAGVGELGAARAWENLGEQMGKAPRVPVPPAGLSLPLKDPPASQAVSLLTEYAASLGIFLLFREDQPPGKVFKYRAPGGEELKAMCLWQVEVLRAFLLRTGWRGLWRGDLDLGPDSSWANRLPFLLICEMESRIPAVEELGPCFPFSVSAELDGVVCPAGTANSKTEAKQQAALSALCYIRSQLENPESPQTSSRPPLAPLSVENILTHEQRCAALVSAGFDLLLDERSPYWACKGTVAGVILERGWAVSAPSCTEIPRARGHVKEIYKLVALGTGSSCCAGWLEFSGQQLHDCHGLVIARRALLRFLFRQLLLATQGGPKGKEQSVLAPQPGPGPPFTLKPRVFLHLYISNTPKGAARDIYLPPTSEGGLPHSPPMRLQAHVLGQLKPVCYVAPSLCDTHVGCLSASDKLARWAVLGLGGALLAHLVSPLYSTSLILADSCHDPPTLSRAIHTRPCLDSVLGPCLPPPYVRTALHLFAGPPVAPSEPTPDTCRGLSLNWSLGDPGIEVVDVATGRVKANAALGPPSRLCKASFLRAFHQAARAVGKPYLLALKTYEAAKAGPYQEARRQLSLLLDQQGLGAWPSKPLVGKFRN*|MASASQGADDDGSRRKPRLAASLQISPQPRPWRPLPAQAQSAWGPAPAPATYRAEGGWPQVSVLRDSGPGAGAGVGELGAARAWENLGEQMGKAPRVPVPPAGLSLPLKDPPASQAVSLLTEYAASLGIFLLFREDQPPGKVFKYRAPGGEELKAMCLWQGEVLRAFLLRTGWRGLWRGDLDLGPDSSWANRLPFLLICEMESRIPAVEELGPCFPFSVSAELDGVVCPAGTANSKTEAKQQAALSALCYIRSQLENPESPQTSSRPPLAPLSVENILTHEQRCAALVSAGFDLLLDERSPYWACKGTVAGVILERGWAVSAPSCTEIPRARGHVKEIYKLVALGTGSSCCAGWLEFSGQQLHDCHGLVIARRALLRFLFRQLLLATQGGPKGKEQSVLAPQPGPGPPFTLKPRVFLHLYISNTPKGAARDIYLPPTSEGGLPHSPPMRLQAHVLGQLKPVCYVAPSLCDTHVGCLSASDKLARWAVLGLGGALLAHLVSPLYSTSLILADSCHDPPTLSRAIHTRPCLDSVLGPCLPPPYVRTALHLFAGPPVAPSEPTPDTCRGLSLNWSLGDPGIEVVDVATGRVKANAALGPPSRLCKASFLRAFHQAARAVGKPYLLALKTYEAAKAGPYQEARRQLSLLLDQQGLGAWPSKPLVGKFRN*
chr16:85082460:T/C:1	chr16	85082460	T|C	1	KIAA0513	NM_001286565	9764	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104	None
chr16:85082460:T/C:1	chr16	85082460	T|C	1	KIAA0513	NM_014732	9764	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104	None
chr16:85082460:T/C:1	chr16	85082460	T|C	1	KIAA0513	NM_001286566	9764	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1068	None
chr16:88837557:G/T:1	chr16	88837557	G|T	1	GALNS	NM_000512	2588	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65	None
chr16:88837557:G/T:1	chr16	88837557	G|T	1	GALNS	NM_001323543	2588	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65	None
chr16:88837557:G/T:1	chr16	88837557	G|T	1	GALNS	NM_001323544	2588	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65	None
chr16:88898072:A/T:1	chr16	88898072	A|T	1	CBFA2T3	NM_005187	863	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6	None
chr16:88898072:A/T:1	chr16	88898072	A|T	1	CBFA2T3	NM_175931	863	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3432	None
chr16:89954346:G/T:1	chr16	89954346	G|T	1	DEF8	NM_001242817	54849	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	823	None
chr16:89954346:G/T:1	chr16	89954346	G|T	1	SNORA119	NR_145807	109623464	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr16:89954346:G/T:1	chr16	89954346	G|T	1	DEF8	NM_207514	54849	coding	410	277	93	G>W	nonsyn	None	MAILSLRAPGPWQAMQVWADRTLLTPHTGVTSQVLGVAAAVMTPLPGGHAAGRTREARWDAMEYDEKLARFRQAHLNPFNKQSGPRQHEQGPGEEVPDVTPEEALPELPPGEPEFRCPERVMDLGLSEDHFSRPVGLFLASDVQQLRQAIEECKQVILELPEQSEKQKDAVVRLIHLRLKLQELKDPNEDEPNIRVLLEHRFYKEKSKSVKQTCDKCNTIIWGLIQTWYTCTGCYYRCHSKCLNLISKPCVSSKVSHQAEYELNICPETGLDSQDYRCAECRAPISLRGVPSEARQCDYTGQYYCSHCHWNDLAVIPARVVHNWDFEPRKVSRCSMRYLALMVSRPVLRLREINPLLFSYVEELVEIRKLRQDILLMKPYFITCREAMEARLLLQLQDRQHFVENDEMYSVQDLLDVHAGRLGCSLTEIHTLFAKHIKLDCERCQAKGFVCELCREGDVLFPFDSHTSVCADCSAVFHRDCYYDNSTTCPKCARLSLRKQSLFQEPGPDVEA*|MAILSLRAPGPWQAMQVWADRTLLTPHTGVTSQVLGVAAAVMTPLPGGHAAGRTREARWDAMEYDEKLARFRQAHLNPFNKQSGPRQHEQGPWEEVPDVTPEEALPELPPGEPEFRCPERVMDLGLSEDHFSRPVGLFLASDVQQLRQAIEECKQVILELPEQSEKQKDAVVRLIHLRLKLQELKDPNEDEPNIRVLLEHRFYKEKSKSVKQTCDKCNTIIWGLIQTWYTCTGCYYRCHSKCLNLISKPCVSSKVSHQAEYELNICPETGLDSQDYRCAECRAPISLRGVPSEARQCDYTGQYYCSHCHWNDLAVIPARVVHNWDFEPRKVSRCSMRYLALMVSRPVLRLREINPLLFSYVEELVEIRKLRQDILLMKPYFITCREAMEARLLLQLQDRQHFVENDEMYSVQDLLDVHAGRLGCSLTEIHTLFAKHIKLDCERCQAKGFVCELCREGDVLFPFDSHTSVCADCSAVFHRDCYYDNSTTCPKCARLSLRKQSLFQEPGPDVEA*
chr16:89954346:G/T:1	chr16	89954346	G|T	1	DEF8	NM_001242816	54849	coding	285	94	32	G>W	nonsyn	None	MEYDEKLARFRQAHLNPFNKQSGPRQHEQGPGEEVPDVTPEEALPELPPGEPEFRCPERVMDLGLSEDHFSRPVLRQAIEECKQVILELPEQSEKQKDAVVRLIHLRLKLQELKDPNEDEPNIRVLLEHRFYKEKSKSVKQTCDKCNTIIWGLIQTWYTCTGCYYRCHSKCLNLISKPCVSSKVSHQAEYELNICPETGLDSQDYRCAECRAPISLRGVPSEARQCDYTGQYYCSHCHWNDLAVIPARVVHNWDFEPRKVSRCSMRYLALMVSRPVLRLREINPLLFSYVEELVEIRKLRQDILLMKPYFITCREAMEARLLLQLQDRQHFVENDEMYSVQDLLDVHAGRLGCSLTEIHTLFAKHIKLDCERCQAKGFVCELCREGDVLFPFDSHTSVCADCSAVFHRDCYYDNSTTCPKCARLSLRKQSLFQEPGPDVEA*|MEYDEKLARFRQAHLNPFNKQSGPRQHEQGPWEEVPDVTPEEALPELPPGEPEFRCPERVMDLGLSEDHFSRPVLRQAIEECKQVILELPEQSEKQKDAVVRLIHLRLKLQELKDPNEDEPNIRVLLEHRFYKEKSKSVKQTCDKCNTIIWGLIQTWYTCTGCYYRCHSKCLNLISKPCVSSKVSHQAEYELNICPETGLDSQDYRCAECRAPISLRGVPSEARQCDYTGQYYCSHCHWNDLAVIPARVVHNWDFEPRKVSRCSMRYLALMVSRPVLRLREINPLLFSYVEELVEIRKLRQDILLMKPYFITCREAMEARLLLQLQDRQHFVENDEMYSVQDLLDVHAGRLGCSLTEIHTLFAKHIKLDCERCQAKGFVCELCREGDVLFPFDSHTSVCADCSAVFHRDCYYDNSTTCPKCARLSLRKQSLFQEPGPDVEA*
chr16:89954346:G/T:1	chr16	89954346	G|T	1	DEF8	NM_001242818	54849	coding	285	94	32	G>W	nonsyn	None	MEYDEKLARFRQAHLNPFNKQSGPRQHEQGPGEEVPDVTPEEALPELPPGEPEFRCPERVMDLGLSEDHFSRPVGLFLASDVQQLRQAIEECKQVILELPEQSEKQKDAVVRLIHLRLKLQELKDPNEDEPNIRVLLEHRFYKEKSKSVKQTCDKCNTIIWGLIQTWYTCTGCYYRCHSKCLNLISKPCVSSKVSHQAEYELNICPETGLDSQDYRCAECRAPISLRGVPSEARQCDYTGQYYCSHCHWNDLAVIPARVVHNWDFEPRKVSRCSMRYLALMVSRPVLRLREINPLLFSYVEELVEIRKLRQDILLMKPYFITCREAMEARLLLQLQDRQHFVENDEMYSVQDLLDVHAGRLGCSLTEIHTLFAKHIKLDCERCQAKGFVCELCREGDVLFPFDSHTSVCADCSAVFHRDCYYDNSTTCPKCARLSLRKQSLFQEPGPDVEA*|MEYDEKLARFRQAHLNPFNKQSGPRQHEQGPWEEVPDVTPEEALPELPPGEPEFRCPERVMDLGLSEDHFSRPVGLFLASDVQQLRQAIEECKQVILELPEQSEKQKDAVVRLIHLRLKLQELKDPNEDEPNIRVLLEHRFYKEKSKSVKQTCDKCNTIIWGLIQTWYTCTGCYYRCHSKCLNLISKPCVSSKVSHQAEYELNICPETGLDSQDYRCAECRAPISLRGVPSEARQCDYTGQYYCSHCHWNDLAVIPARVVHNWDFEPRKVSRCSMRYLALMVSRPVLRLREINPLLFSYVEELVEIRKLRQDILLMKPYFITCREAMEARLLLQLQDRQHFVENDEMYSVQDLLDVHAGRLGCSLTEIHTLFAKHIKLDCERCQAKGFVCELCREGDVLFPFDSHTSVCADCSAVFHRDCYYDNSTTCPKCARLSLRKQSLFQEPGPDVEA*
chr16:89954346:G/T:1	chr16	89954346	G|T	1	DEF8	NM_001242819	54849	coding	198	94	32	G>W	nonsyn	None	MEYDEKLARFRQAHLNPFNKQSGPRQHEQGPGEEVPDVTPEEALPELPPGEPEFRCPERVMDLGLSEDHFSRPVGLFLASDVQQLRQAIEECKQVILELPEQSEKQKDAVVRLIHLRLKLQELKDPNEDEPNIRVLLEHRFYKEKSKSVKQTCDKCNTIIWGLIQTWYTCTGCYYRCHSKCLNLISKPCVSSKVSHQAEYELNICPETGLDSQDYRCAECRAPISLRGVPSEARQCDYTGQYYCSHCHWNDLAVIPARVVHNWDFEPRKVSRCSMRYLALMVSRPVLRLREINPLLFSYVEELVEIRKLRQDILLMKPYFITCREAMEARLLLQDLLDVHAGRLGCSLTEIHTLFAKHIKLDCERCQAKGFVCELCREGDVLFPFDSHTSVCADCSAVFHRDCYYDNSTTCPKCARLSLRKQSLFQEPGPDVEA*|MEYDEKLARFRQAHLNPFNKQSGPRQHEQGPWEEVPDVTPEEALPELPPGEPEFRCPERVMDLGLSEDHFSRPVGLFLASDVQQLRQAIEECKQVILELPEQSEKQKDAVVRLIHLRLKLQELKDPNEDEPNIRVLLEHRFYKEKSKSVKQTCDKCNTIIWGLIQTWYTCTGCYYRCHSKCLNLISKPCVSSKVSHQAEYELNICPETGLDSQDYRCAECRAPISLRGVPSEARQCDYTGQYYCSHCHWNDLAVIPARVVHNWDFEPRKVSRCSMRYLALMVSRPVLRLREINPLLFSYVEELVEIRKLRQDILLMKPYFITCREAMEARLLLQDLLDVHAGRLGCSLTEIHTLFAKHIKLDCERCQAKGFVCELCREGDVLFPFDSHTSVCADCSAVFHRDCYYDNSTTCPKCARLSLRKQSLFQEPGPDVEA*
chr16:89954346:G/T:1	chr16	89954346	G|T	1	DEF8	NM_001242820	54849	coding	525	94	32	G>W	nonsyn	None	MEYDEKLARFRQAHLNPFNKQSGPRQHEQGPGEEVPDVTPEEALPELPPGEPEFRCPERVMDLGLSEDHFSRPVGLFLASDVQQLRQAIEECKQVILELPEQSEKQKDAVVRLIHLRLKLQELKDPNEDEPNIRVLLEHRFYKEKSKSVKQTCDKCNTIIWGLIQTWYTCTGCYYRCHSKCLNLISKPCVSSKVSHQAEYELNICPETGLDSQDYRCAECRAPISLRGVPSEARQCDYTGQYYCSHCHWNDLAVIPARVVHNWDFEPRKVSRCSMRYLALMVSRPVLRLREINPLLFSYVEELVEIRKLRQDILLMKPYFITCREAMEARLLLQLQDRQHFVENDEMYSVQDLLDVHAGRLGCSLTEIHTLFAKHIKLDCERCQAKGFVCELCREGDVLFPFDSHTSVCADCSAVFHRDCYYDNSTTCPKCARLSLRKQSLFQEPGPDVEA*|MEYDEKLARFRQAHLNPFNKQSGPRQHEQGPWEEVPDVTPEEALPELPPGEPEFRCPERVMDLGLSEDHFSRPVGLFLASDVQQLRQAIEECKQVILELPEQSEKQKDAVVRLIHLRLKLQELKDPNEDEPNIRVLLEHRFYKEKSKSVKQTCDKCNTIIWGLIQTWYTCTGCYYRCHSKCLNLISKPCVSSKVSHQAEYELNICPETGLDSQDYRCAECRAPISLRGVPSEARQCDYTGQYYCSHCHWNDLAVIPARVVHNWDFEPRKVSRCSMRYLALMVSRPVLRLREINPLLFSYVEELVEIRKLRQDILLMKPYFITCREAMEARLLLQLQDRQHFVENDEMYSVQDLLDVHAGRLGCSLTEIHTLFAKHIKLDCERCQAKGFVCELCREGDVLFPFDSHTSVCADCSAVFHRDCYYDNSTTCPKCARLSLRKQSLFQEPGPDVEA*
chr16:89954346:G/T:1	chr16	89954346	G|T	1	DEF8	NM_001242821	54849	coding	188	94	32	G>W	nonsyn	None	MEYDEKLARFRQAHLNPFNKQSGPRQHEQGPGEEVPDVTPEEALPELPPGEPEFRCPERVMDLGLSEDHFSRPVGLFLASDVQQLRQAIEECKQVILELPEQSEKQKDAVVRLIHLRLKLQELKDPNEDEPNIRVLLEHRFYKEKSKSVKQTCDKCNTIIWGLIQTWYTCTGGPRPRRGVRNERDQSSCLRWAHIQM*|MEYDEKLARFRQAHLNPFNKQSGPRQHEQGPWEEVPDVTPEEALPELPPGEPEFRCPERVMDLGLSEDHFSRPVGLFLASDVQQLRQAIEECKQVILELPEQSEKQKDAVVRLIHLRLKLQELKDPNEDEPNIRVLLEHRFYKEKSKSVKQTCDKCNTIIWGLIQTWYTCTGGPRPRRGVRNERDQSSCLRWAHIQM*
chr16:89954346:G/T:1	chr16	89954346	G|T	1	DEF8	NM_001242822	54849	coding	282	94	32	G>W	nonsyn	None	MEYDEKLARFRQAHLNPFNKQSGPRQHEQGPGEEVPDVTPEEALPELPPGEPEFRCPERVMDLGLSEDHFSRPVGLFLASDVQQLRQAIEECKQVILELPEQSEKQKDAVVRLIHLRLKLQELKDPNEDEPNIRVLLEHRFYKEKSKSVKQTCDKCNTIIWGLIQTWYTCTGGPRPRRGVRNERDQSSCLRWAHIQM*|MEYDEKLARFRQAHLNPFNKQSGPRQHEQGPWEEVPDVTPEEALPELPPGEPEFRCPERVMDLGLSEDHFSRPVGLFLASDVQQLRQAIEECKQVILELPEQSEKQKDAVVRLIHLRLKLQELKDPNEDEPNIRVLLEHRFYKEKSKSVKQTCDKCNTIIWGLIQTWYTCTGGPRPRRGVRNERDQSSCLRWAHIQM*
chr16:89954346:G/T:1	chr16	89954346	G|T	1	DEF8	NM_017702	54849	coding	285	94	32	G>W	nonsyn	None	MEYDEKLARFRQAHLNPFNKQSGPRQHEQGPGEEVPDVTPEEALPELPPGEPEFRCPERVMDLGLSEDHFSRPVGLFLASDVQQLRQAIEECKQVILELPEQSEKQKDAVVRLIHLRLKLQELKDPNEDEPNIRVLLEHRFYKEKSKSVKQTCDKCNTIIWGLIQTWYTCTGGPRPRRGVRNERDQSSCLRWAHIQM*|MEYDEKLARFRQAHLNPFNKQSGPRQHEQGPWEEVPDVTPEEALPELPPGEPEFRCPERVMDLGLSEDHFSRPVGLFLASDVQQLRQAIEECKQVILELPEQSEKQKDAVVRLIHLRLKLQELKDPNEDEPNIRVLLEHRFYKEKSKSVKQTCDKCNTIIWGLIQTWYTCTGGPRPRRGVRNERDQSSCLRWAHIQM*
chr17:1520665:A/G:1	chr17	1520665	A|G	1	PITPNA	NM_006224	5306	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	127	None
chr17:1853255:C/A:1	chr17	1853255	C|A	1	RPA1	NM_001355120	6117	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	66	None
chr17:1853255:C/A:1	chr17	1853255	C|A	1	RPA1	NM_001355121	6117	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	66	None
chr17:1853255:C/A:1	chr17	1853255	C|A	1	RPA1	NM_002945	6117	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	66	None
chr17:3527683:A/G:1	chr17	3527683	A|G	1	TRPV3	NM_001258205	162514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	342	None
chr17:3527683:A/G:1	chr17	3527683	A|G	1	TRPV3	NM_145068	162514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	342	None
chr17:3732402:C/A:1	chr17	3732402	C|A	1	ITGAE	NM_002208	3682	coding	2764	2720	907	C>F	nonsyn	None	MWLFHTLLCIASLALLAAFNVDVARPWLTPKGGAPFVLSSLLHQDPSTNQTWLLVTSPRTKRTPGPLHRCSLVQDEILCHPVEHVPIPKGRHRGVTVVRSHHGVLICIQVLVRRPHSLSSELTGTCSLLGPDLRPQAQANFFDLENLLDPDARVDTGDCYSNKEGGGEDDVNTARQRRALEKEEEEDKEEEEDEEEEEAGTEIAIILDGSGSIDPPDFQRAKDFISNMMRNFYEKCFECNFALVQYGGVIQTEFDLRDSQDVMASLARVQNITQVGSVTKTASAMQHVLDSIFTSSHGSRRKASKVMVVLTDGGIFEDPLNLTTVINSPKMQGVERFAIGVGEEFKSARTARELNLIASDPDETHAFKVTNYMALDGLLSKLRYNIISMEGTVGDALHYQLAQIGFSAQILDERQVLLGAVGAFDWSGGALLYDTRSRRGRFLNQTAAAAADAEAAQYSYLGYAVAVLHKTCSLSYIAGAPRYKHHGAVFELQKEGREASFLPVLEGEQMGSYFGSELCPVDIDMDGSTDFLLVAAPFYHVHGEEGRVYVYRLSEQDGSFSLARILSGHPGFTNARFGFAMAAMGDLSQDKLTDVAIGAPLEGFGADDGASFGSVYIYNGHWDGLSASPSQRIRASTVAPGLQYFGMSMAGGFDISGDGLADITVGTLGQAVVFRSRPVVRLKVSMAFTPSALPIGFNGVVNVRLCFEISSVTTASESGLREALLNFTLDVDVGKQRRRLQCSDVRSCLGCLREWSSGSQLCEDLLLMPTEGELCEEDCFSNASVKVSYQLQTPEGQTDHPQPILDRYTEPFAIFQLPYEKACKNKLFCVAELQLATTVSQQELVVGLTKELTLNINLTNSGEDSYMTSMALNYPRNLQLKRMQKPPSPNIQCDDPQPVASVLIMNCRIGHPVLKRSSAHVSVVWQLEENAFPNRTADITVTVTNSNERRSLANETHTLQFRHGFVAVLSKPSIMYVNTGQGLSHHKEFLFHVHGENLFGAEYQLQICVPTKLRGLQVVAVKKLTRTQASTVCTWSQERACAYSSVQHVEEWHSVSCVIASDKENVTVAAEISWDHSEELLKDVTELQILGEISFNKSLYEGLNAENHRTKITVVFLKDEKYHSLPIIIKGSVGGLLVLIVILVILFKCGFFKRKYQQLNLESIRKAQLKSENLLEEEN*|MWLFHTLLCIASLALLAAFNVDVARPWLTPKGGAPFVLSSLLHQDPSTNQTWLLVTSPRTKRTPGPLHRCSLVQDEILCHPVEHVPIPKGRHRGVTVVRSHHGVLICIQVLVRRPHSLSSELTGTCSLLGPDLRPQAQANFFDLENLLDPDARVDTGDCYSNKEGGGEDDVNTARQRRALEKEEEEDKEEEEDEEEEEAGTEIAIILDGSGSIDPPDFQRAKDFISNMMRNFYEKCFECNFALVQYGGVIQTEFDLRDSQDVMASLARVQNITQVGSVTKTASAMQHVLDSIFTSSHGSRRKASKVMVVLTDGGIFEDPLNLTTVINSPKMQGVERFAIGVGEEFKSARTARELNLIASDPDETHAFKVTNYMALDGLLSKLRYNIISMEGTVGDALHYQLAQIGFSAQILDERQVLLGAVGAFDWSGGALLYDTRSRRGRFLNQTAAAAADAEAAQYSYLGYAVAVLHKTCSLSYIAGAPRYKHHGAVFELQKEGREASFLPVLEGEQMGSYFGSELCPVDIDMDGSTDFLLVAAPFYHVHGEEGRVYVYRLSEQDGSFSLARILSGHPGFTNARFGFAMAAMGDLSQDKLTDVAIGAPLEGFGADDGASFGSVYIYNGHWDGLSASPSQRIRASTVAPGLQYFGMSMAGGFDISGDGLADITVGTLGQAVVFRSRPVVRLKVSMAFTPSALPIGFNGVVNVRLCFEISSVTTASESGLREALLNFTLDVDVGKQRRRLQCSDVRSCLGCLREWSSGSQLCEDLLLMPTEGELCEEDCFSNASVKVSYQLQTPEGQTDHPQPILDRYTEPFAIFQLPYEKACKNKLFCVAELQLATTVSQQELVVGLTKELTLNINLTNSGEDSYMTSMALNYPRNLQLKRMQKPPSPNIQCDDPQPVASVLIMNFRIGHPVLKRSSAHVSVVWQLEENAFPNRTADITVTVTNSNERRSLANETHTLQFRHGFVAVLSKPSIMYVNTGQGLSHHKEFLFHVHGENLFGAEYQLQICVPTKLRGLQVVAVKKLTRTQASTVCTWSQERACAYSSVQHVEEWHSVSCVIASDKENVTVAAEISWDHSEELLKDVTELQILGEISFNKSLYEGLNAENHRTKITVVFLKDEKYHSLPIIIKGSVGGLLVLIVILVILFKCGFFKRKYQQLNLESIRKAQLKSENLLEEEN*
chr17:4545528:G/A:1	chr17	4545528	G|A	1	MYBBP1A	NM_001105538	10514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	82	None
chr17:4545528:G/A:1	chr17	4545528	G|A	1	MYBBP1A	NM_014520	10514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	82	None
chr17:5929248:C/T:1	chr17	5929248	C|T	1	LOC339166	NR_040000	339166	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	532	None
chr17:7114005:G/T:1	chr17	7114005	G|T	1	ASGR2	NM_001181	433	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	112	None
chr17:7114005:G/T:1	chr17	7114005	G|T	1	ASGR2	NM_001201352	433	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	112	None
chr17:7114005:G/T:1	chr17	7114005	G|T	1	ASGR2	NM_080912	433	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	112	None
chr17:7114005:G/T:1	chr17	7114005	G|T	1	ASGR2	NM_080913	433	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	169	None
chr17:7114005:G/T:1	chr17	7114005	G|T	1	ASGR2	NM_080914	433	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	169	None
chr17:7240852:C/A:1	chr17	7240852	C|A	1	PHF23	NM_001284518	79142	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:7240852:C/A:1	chr17	7240852	C|A	1	PHF23	NM_024297	79142	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:7240852:C/A:1	chr17	7240852	C|A	1	PHF23	NM_001284517	79142	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:7240852:C/A:1	chr17	7240852	C|A	1	GABARAP	NM_007278	11337	3utr	475	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:7468382:A/C:1	chr17	7468382	A|C	1	ZBTB4	NM_001128833	57659	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1055	None
chr17:7468382:A/C:1	chr17	7468382	A|C	1	ZBTB4	NM_020899	57659	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1055	None
chr17:8822843:A/G:1	chr17	8822843	A|G	1	PIK3R6	NM_001010855	146850	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	153	None
chr17:8822843:A/G:1	chr17	8822843	A|G	1	PIK3R6	NM_001290211	146850	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	153	None
chr17:8822843:A/G:1	chr17	8822843	A|G	1	PIK3R6	NR_110865	146850	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	153	None
chr17:10360255:A/T:1	chr17	10360255	A|T	1	MYH13	NM_003802	8735	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr17:10638623:C/A:1	chr17	10638623	C|A	1	MYH3	NM_002470	4621	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	191	None
chr17:12774675:G/T:1	chr17	12774675	G|T	1	LOC100128006	NR_104607	100128006	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10957	None
chr17:15565398:G/A:1	chr17	15565398	G|A	1	CDRT1	NM_001282540	374286	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:15565398:G/A:1	chr17	15565398	G|A	1	TVP23C	NM_001135036	201158	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:15565398:G/A:1	chr17	15565398	G|A	1	TVP23C-CDRT4	NM_001204478	100533496	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:15565398:G/A:1	chr17	15565398	G|A	1	TVP23C	NM_145301	201158	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:15565398:G/A:1	chr17	15565398	G|A	1	TVP23C-CDRT4	NR_037924	100533496	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:16845571:A/G:1	chr17	16845571	A|G	1	KRT17P1	NR_146392	147228	non-coding	302	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:18248110:C/G:1	chr17	18248110	C|G	1	FLII	NM_001256264	2314	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr17:18248110:C/G:1	chr17	18248110	C|G	1	FLII	NM_001256265	2314	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr17:18248110:C/G:1	chr17	18248110	C|G	1	FLII	NM_002018	2314	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr17:19343762:G/A:1	chr17	19343762	G|A	1	B9D1	NM_001321218	27077	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	28	None
chr17:19343762:G/A:1	chr17	19343762	G|A	1	B9D1	NM_001368769	27077	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	28	None
chr17:19343762:G/A:1	chr17	19343762	G|A	1	B9D1	NM_001321219	27077	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3507	None
chr17:19343762:G/A:1	chr17	19343762	G|A	1	B9D1	NM_001321217	27077	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	28	None
chr17:19343762:G/A:1	chr17	19343762	G|A	1	MIR1180	NR_031591	100302256	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:19343762:G/A:1	chr17	19343762	G|A	1	B9D1	NM_015681	27077	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	28	None
chr17:19343762:G/A:1	chr17	19343762	G|A	1	B9D1	NM_001330149	27077	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	28	None
chr17:19343762:G/A:1	chr17	19343762	G|A	1	B9D1	NM_001243473	27077	coding	576	559	187	H>Y	nonsyn	None	MPHAHSRGLREGVAAKKRVLRATPSVSRATPASLSNRARPSFQSMMTSTASTALCTARTGPPQRVWRRGSHRSHPRAKMCGKHWCGTSPLMSPLKAPTPTAGHRSCSACMDQMCSGTMWFEAMGPCTCPSHLAGTKGPSPCLSQNLRLNCRSLQAGSWGGGPSTQTPRWWLRVKAGKVKLPPLSYPHPPYRLQPGSGWAQGWGECRGPARHIGASPQMFPDEGLVGAQRVCHVCLSRQPLYLPVRGLGQALLSPFYR*|MPHAHSRGLREGVAAKKRVLRATPSVSRATPASLSNRARPSFQSMMTSTASTALCTARTGPPQRVWRRGSHRSHPRAKMCGKHWCGTSPLMSPLKAPTPTAGHRSCSACMDQMCSGTMWFEAMGPCTCPSHLAGTKGPSPCLSQNLRLNCRSLQAGSWGGGPSTQTPRWWLRVKAGKVKLPPLSYPYPPYRLQPGSGWAQGWGECRGPARHIGASPQMFPDEGLVGAQRVCHVCLSRQPLYLPVRGLGQALLSPFYR*
chr17:19343762:G/A:1	chr17	19343762	G|A	1	B9D1	NM_001321214	27077	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	28	None
chr17:19343762:G/A:1	chr17	19343762	G|A	1	B9D1	NM_001321215	27077	coding	669	500	167	P>L	nonsyn	None	MATASPSVFLLMVNGQVESAQFPEYDDLYCKYCFVYGQDWAPTAGLEEGISQITSKSQDVRQALVWNFPIDVTFKSTNPYGWPQIVLSVYGPDVFGNDVVRGYGAVHVPFSPGRHKRTIPMFVPESTSKLQKFTSWFMGRRPEYTDPKVVAQGEGREGKAPSPLLPPSPIQVTAWEWVGPGLG*|MATASPSVFLLMVNGQVESAQFPEYDDLYCKYCFVYGQDWAPTAGLEEGISQITSKSQDVRQALVWNFPIDVTFKSTNPYGWPQIVLSVYGPDVFGNDVVRGYGAVHVPFSPGRHKRTIPMFVPESTSKLQKFTSWFMGRRPEYTDPKVVAQGEGREGKAPSPLLPLSPIQVTAWEWVGPGLG*
chr17:19713790:G/C:1	chr17	19713790	G|C	1	SLC47A2	NM_001099646	146802	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chr17:19713790:G/C:1	chr17	19713790	G|C	1	SLC47A2	NM_001256663	146802	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chr17:19713790:G/C:1	chr17	19713790	G|C	1	SLC47A2	NM_152908	146802	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chr17:19713790:G/C:1	chr17	19713790	G|C	1	SLC47A2	NR_135624	146802	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chr17:19713790:G/C:1	chr17	19713790	G|C	1	SLC47A2	NR_135625	146802	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chr17:21303128:C/T:1	chr17	21303128	C|T	1	MAP2K3	NM_001316332	5606	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	55	None
chr17:21303128:C/T:1	chr17	21303128	C|T	1	MAP2K3	NM_002756	5606	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	55	None
chr17:21303128:C/T:1	chr17	21303128	C|T	1	MAP2K3	NM_145109	5606	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	55	None
chr17:28340574:G/T:1	chr17	28340574	G|T	1	TNFAIP1	NM_021137	7126	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	96	None
chr17:28357749:C/A:1	chr17	28357749	C|A	1	POLDIP2	NM_015584	26073	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:28357749:C/A:1	chr17	28357749	C|A	1	POLDIP2	NM_001290145	26073	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:28357749:C/A:1	chr17	28357749	C|A	1	TMEM199	NM_152464	147007	coding	103	79	27	P>T	nonsyn	None	MASSLLAGERLVRALGPGGELEPERLPRKLRAELEAALGKKHKGGDSSSGPQRLVSFRLIRDLHQHLRERDSKLYLHELLEGSEIYLPEVVKPPRNPELVARLEKIKIQLANEEYKRITRNVTCQDTRHGGTLSDLGKQVRSLKALVITIFNFIVTVVAAFVCTYLGSQYIFTEMASRVLAALIVASVVGLAELYVMVRAMEGELGEL*|MASSLLAGERLVRALGPGGELEPERLTRKLRAELEAALGKKHKGGDSSSGPQRLVSFRLIRDLHQHLRERDSKLYLHELLEGSEIYLPEVVKPPRNPELVARLEKIKIQLANEEYKRITRNVTCQDTRHGGTLSDLGKQVRSLKALVITIFNFIVTVVAAFVCTYLGSQYIFTEMASRVLAALIVASVVGLAELYVMVRAMEGELGEL*
chr17:28564087:A/G:1	chr17	28564087	A|G	1	PIGS	NM_033198	94005	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	180	None
chr17:29097561:C/T:1	chr17	29097561	C|T	1	MYO18A	NM_001346765	399687	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	211	None
chr17:29097561:C/T:1	chr17	29097561	C|T	1	MYO18A	NM_001346766	399687	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	211	None
chr17:29097561:C/T:1	chr17	29097561	C|T	1	MYO18A	NM_001346767	399687	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	211	None
chr17:29097561:C/T:1	chr17	29097561	C|T	1	MYO18A	NM_001346768	399687	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	211	None
chr17:29097561:C/T:1	chr17	29097561	C|T	1	MYO18A	NM_078471	399687	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	211	None
chr17:29097561:C/T:1	chr17	29097561	C|T	1	MYO18A	NM_203318	399687	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	211	None
chr17:30461111:A/T:1	chr17	30461111	A|T	1	CPD	NM_001199775	1362	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	69	None
chr17:30461111:A/T:1	chr17	30461111	A|T	1	CPD	NM_001304	1362	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	69	None
chr17:31522405:G/A:1	chr17	31522405	G|A	1	RAB11FIP4	NM_001303542	84440	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10	None
chr17:31522405:G/A:1	chr17	31522405	G|A	1	RAB11FIP4	NM_001346747	84440	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10	None
chr17:31522405:G/A:1	chr17	31522405	G|A	1	RAB11FIP4	NM_001346748	84440	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10	None
chr17:31522405:G/A:1	chr17	31522405	G|A	1	RAB11FIP4	NM_001346749	84440	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10	None
chr17:31522405:G/A:1	chr17	31522405	G|A	1	RAB11FIP4	NM_032932	84440	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10	None
chr17:31522461:C/T:1	chr17	31522461	C|T	1	RAB11FIP4	NM_001303542	84440	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	66	None
chr17:31522461:C/T:1	chr17	31522461	C|T	1	RAB11FIP4	NM_001346747	84440	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	66	None
chr17:31522461:C/T:1	chr17	31522461	C|T	1	RAB11FIP4	NM_001346748	84440	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	66	None
chr17:31522461:C/T:1	chr17	31522461	C|T	1	RAB11FIP4	NM_001346749	84440	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	66	None
chr17:31522461:C/T:1	chr17	31522461	C|T	1	RAB11FIP4	NM_032932	84440	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	66	None
chr17:31973320:T/G:1	chr17	31973320	T|G	1	SUZ12	NM_001321207	23512	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	89	None
chr17:31973320:T/G:1	chr17	31973320	T|G	1	SUZ12	NM_015355	23512	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	89	None
chr17:34011650:C/A:1	chr17	34011650	C|A	1	ASIC2	NM_001094	40	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144328	None
chr17:35682607:A/G:1	chr17	35682607	A|G	1	AP2B1	NM_001030006	163	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr17:35682607:A/G:1	chr17	35682607	A|G	1	AP2B1	NM_001282	163	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr17:36195375:A/G:1	chr17	36195375	A|G	1	CCL3L3	NM_001001437	414062	coding	278	193	65	F>L	nonsyn	None	MQVSTAALAVLLCTMALCNQVLSAPLAADTPTACCFSYTSRQIPQNFIADYFETSSQCSKPSVIFLTKRGRQVCADPSEEWVQKYVSDLELSA*|MQVSTAALAVLLCTMALCNQVLSAPLAADTPTACCFSYTSRQIPQNFIADYFETSSQCSKPSVILLTKRGRQVCADPSEEWVQKYVSDLELSA*
chr17:36195375:A/G:1	chr17	36195375	A|G	1	CCL3	NM_002983	6348	coding	147	62	21	L>P	*nonsyn	None	MQVSTAALAVLLCTMALCNQLPNQERPAGLC*PQ*GVGPEIRQ*PGAECL|MQVSTAALAVLLCTMALCNQPPNQERPAGLC*PQ*GVGPEIRQ*PGAECL
chr17:36195375:A/G:1	chr17	36195375	A|G	1	CCL3L1	NM_021006	6349	coding	278	193	65	F>L	nonsyn	None	MQVSTAALAVLLCTMALCNQVLSAPLAADTPTACCFSYTSRQIPQNFIADYFETSSQCSKPSVIFLTKRGRQVCADPSEEWVQKYVSDLELSA*|MQVSTAALAVLLCTMALCNQVLSAPLAADTPTACCFSYTSRQIPQNFIADYFETSSQCSKPSVILLTKRGRQVCADPSEEWVQKYVSDLELSA*
chr17:36508006:G/C:1	chr17	36508006	G|C	1	MYO19	NM_001163735	80179	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	82	None
chr17:36508006:G/C:1	chr17	36508006	G|C	1	MYO19	NM_025109	80179	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	82	None
chr17:36864877:C/A:1	chr17	36864877	C|A	1	LHX1-DT	NR_135671	102723471	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1758	None
chr17:38395683:T/C:1	chr17	38395683	T|C	1	SOCS7	NM_014598	30837	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr17:38850552:C/A:1	chr17	38850552	C|A	1	SNORA21B	NR_145761	109617002	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:38850552:C/A:1	chr17	38850552	C|A	1	RPL23	NM_000978	9349	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr17:39660742:G/T:1	chr17	39660742	G|T	1	STARD3	NM_001165937	10948	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	68	None
chr17:39660742:G/T:1	chr17	39660742	G|T	1	STARD3	NM_001165938	10948	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	68	None
chr17:39660742:G/T:1	chr17	39660742	G|T	1	STARD3	NM_006804	10948	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	68	None
chr17:41571796:C/A:1	chr17	41571796	C|A	1	KRT9	NM_000226	3857	coding	264	197	66	G>V	nonsyn	None	MSCRQFSSSYLSRSGGGGGGGLGSGGSIRSSYSRFSSSGGGGGGGRFSSSSGYGGGSSRVCGRGGGGSFGYSYGGGSGGGFSASSLGGGFGGGSRGFGGASGGGYSSSGGFGGGFGGGSGGGFGGGYGSGFGGFGGFGGGAGGGDGGILTANEKSTMQELNSRLASYLDKVQALEEANNDLENKIQDWYDKKGPAAIQKNYSPYYNTIDDLKDQIVDLTVGNNKTLLDIDNTRMTLDDFRIKFEMEQNLRQGVDADINGLRQVLDNLTMEKSDLEMQYETLQEELMALKKNHKEEMSQLTGQNSGDVNVEINVAPGKDLTKTLNDMRQEYEQLIAKNRKDIENQYETQITQIEHEVSSSGQEVQSSAKEVTQLRHGVQELEIELQSQLSKKAALEKSLEDTKNRYCGQLQMIQEQISNLEAQITDVRQEIECQNQEYSLLLSIKMRLEKEIETYHNLLEGGQEDFESSGAGKIGLGGRGGSGGSYGRGSRGGSGGSYGGGGSGGGYGGGSGSRGGSGGSYGGGSGSGGGSGGGYGGGSGGGHSGGSGGGHSGGSGGNYGGGSGSGGGSGGGYGGGSGSRGGSGGSHGGGSGFGGESGGSYGGGEEASGSGGGYGGGSGKSSHS*|MSCRQFSSSYLSRSGGGGGGGLGSGGSIRSSYSRFSSSGGGGGGGRFSSSSGYGGGSSRVCGRGGVGSFGYSYGGGSGGGFSASSLGGGFGGGSRGFGGASGGGYSSSGGFGGGFGGGSGGGFGGGYGSGFGGFGGFGGGAGGGDGGILTANEKSTMQELNSRLASYLDKVQALEEANNDLENKIQDWYDKKGPAAIQKNYSPYYNTIDDLKDQIVDLTVGNNKTLLDIDNTRMTLDDFRIKFEMEQNLRQGVDADINGLRQVLDNLTMEKSDLEMQYETLQEELMALKKNHKEEMSQLTGQNSGDVNVEINVAPGKDLTKTLNDMRQEYEQLIAKNRKDIENQYETQITQIEHEVSSSGQEVQSSAKEVTQLRHGVQELEIELQSQLSKKAALEKSLEDTKNRYCGQLQMIQEQISNLEAQITDVRQEIECQNQEYSLLLSIKMRLEKEIETYHNLLEGGQEDFESSGAGKIGLGGRGGSGGSYGRGSRGGSGGSYGGGGSGGGYGGGSGSRGGSGGSYGGGSGSGGGSGGGYGGGSGGGHSGGSGGGHSGGSGGNYGGGSGSGGGSGGGYGGGSGSRGGSGGSHGGGSGFGGESGGSYGGGEEASGSGGGYGGGSGKSSHS*
chr17:43049287:C/G:1	chr17	43049287	C|G	1	BRCA1	NM_007299	672	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1584	None
chr17:43049287:C/G:1	chr17	43049287	C|G	1	BRCA1	NM_007294	672	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr17:43049287:C/G:1	chr17	43049287	C|G	1	BRCA1	NM_007297	672	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr17:43049287:C/G:1	chr17	43049287	C|G	1	BRCA1	NM_007298	672	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr17:43049287:C/G:1	chr17	43049287	C|G	1	BRCA1	NM_007300	672	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr17:43049287:C/G:1	chr17	43049287	C|G	1	BRCA1	NR_027676	672	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr17:44079338:G/T:1	chr17	44079338	G|T	1	HDAC5	NM_001015053	10014	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61	None
chr17:44079338:G/T:1	chr17	44079338	G|T	1	HDAC5	NM_005474	10014	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61	None
chr17:44203751:G/T:1	chr17	44203751	G|T	1	UBTF	NM_001076683	7343	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:44203751:G/T:1	chr17	44203751	G|T	1	UBTF	NM_001076684	7343	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:44203751:G/T:1	chr17	44203751	G|T	1	UBTF	NR_045058	7343	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:44203751:G/T:1	chr17	44203751	G|T	1	UBTF	NM_014233	7343	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:45831011:G/T:1	chr17	45831011	G|T	1	CRHR1	NM_001145146	1394	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr17:45831011:G/T:1	chr17	45831011	G|T	1	CRHR1	NM_001145147	1394	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr17:45831011:G/T:1	chr17	45831011	G|T	1	CRHR1	NM_001145148	1394	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr17:45831011:G/T:1	chr17	45831011	G|T	1	LINC02210-CRHR1	NM_001256299	104909134	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr17:45831011:G/T:1	chr17	45831011	G|T	1	LINC02210-CRHR1	NM_001303016	104909134	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr17:45831011:G/T:1	chr17	45831011	G|T	1	CRHR1	NM_001303018	1394	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr17:45831011:G/T:1	chr17	45831011	G|T	1	CRHR1	NM_001303020	1394	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr17:45831011:G/T:1	chr17	45831011	G|T	1	CRHR1	NM_004382	1394	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr17:45833036:G/C:1	chr17	45833036	G|C	1	CRHR1	NM_001145146	1394	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	102	None
chr17:45833036:G/C:1	chr17	45833036	G|C	1	CRHR1	NM_001145147	1394	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	102	None
chr17:45833036:G/C:1	chr17	45833036	G|C	1	CRHR1	NM_001145148	1394	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	102	None
chr17:45833036:G/C:1	chr17	45833036	G|C	1	LINC02210-CRHR1	NM_001256299	104909134	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	102	None
chr17:45833036:G/C:1	chr17	45833036	G|C	1	LINC02210-CRHR1	NM_001303016	104909134	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	102	None
chr17:45833036:G/C:1	chr17	45833036	G|C	1	CRHR1	NM_001303018	1394	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	102	None
chr17:45833036:G/C:1	chr17	45833036	G|C	1	CRHR1	NM_001303020	1394	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	102	None
chr17:45833036:G/C:1	chr17	45833036	G|C	1	CRHR1	NM_004382	1394	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	102	None
chr17:50195100:C/A:1	chr17	50195100	C|A	1	COL1A1	NM_000088	1277	coding	1426	1300	434	G>C	nonsyn	None	MFSFVDLRLLLLLAATALLTHGQEEGQVEGQDEDIPPITCVQNGLRYHDRDVWKPEPCRICVCDNGKVLCDDVICDETKNCPGAEVPEGECCPVCPDGSESPTDQETTGVEGPKGDTGPRGPRGPAGPPGRDGIPGQPGLPGPPGPPGPPGPPGLGGNFAPQLSYGYDEKSTGGISVPGPMGPSGPRGLPGPPGAPGPQGFQGPPGEPGEPGASGPMGPRGPPGPPGKNGDDGEAGKPGRPGERGPPGPQGARGLPGTAGLPGMKGHRGFSGLDGAKGDAGPAGPKGEPGSPGENGAPGQMGPRGLPGERGRPGAPGPAGARGNDGATGAAGPPGPTGPAGPPGFPGAVGAKGEAGPQGPRGSEGPQGVRGEPGPPGPAGAAGPAGNPGADGQPGAKGANGAPGIAGAPGFPGARGPSGPQGPGGPPGPKGNSGEPGAPGSKGDTGAKGEPGPVGVQGPPGPAGEEGKRGARGEPGPTGLPGPPGERGGPGSRGFPGADGVAGPKGPAGERGSPGPAGPKGSPGEAGRPGEAGLPGAKGLTGSPGSPGPDGKTGPPGPAGQDGRPGPPGPPGARGQAGVMGFPGPKGAAGEPGKAGERGVPGPPGAVGPAGKDGEAGAQGPPGPAGPAGERGEQGPAGSPGFQGLPGPAGPPGEAGKPGEQGVPGDLGAPGPSGARGERGFPGERGVQGPPGPAGPRGANGAPGNDGAKGDAGAPGAPGSQGAPGLQGMPGERGAAGLPGPKGDRGDAGPKGADGSPGKDGVRGLTGPIGPPGPAGAPGDKGESGPSGPAGPTGARGAPGDRGEPGPPGPAGFAGPPGADGQPGAKGEPGDAGAKGDAGPPGPAGPAGPPGPIGNVGAPGAKGARGSAGPPGATGFPGAAGRVGPPGPSGNAGPPGPPGPAGKEGGKGPRGETGPAGRPGEVGPPGPPGPAGEKGSPGADGPAGAPGTPGPQGIAGQRGVVGLPGQRGERGFPGLPGPSGEPGKQGPSGASGERGPPGPMGPPGLAGPPGESGREGAPGAEGSPGRDGSPGAKGDRGETGPAGPPGAPGAPGAPGPVGPAGKSGDRGETGPAGPAGPVGPVGARGPAGPQGPRGDKGETGEQGDRGIKGHRGFSGLQGPPGPPGSPGEQGPSGASGPAGPRGPPGSAGAPGKDGLNGLPGPIGPPGPRGRTGDAGPVGPPGPPGPPGPPGPPSAGFDFSFLPQPPQEKAHDGGRYYRADDANVVRDRDLEVDTTLKSLSQQIENIRSPEGSRKNPARTCRDLKMCHSDWKSGEYWIDPNQGCNLDAIKVFCNMETGETCVYPTQPSVAQKNWYISKNPKDKRHVWFGESMTDGFQFEYGGQGSDPADVAIQLTFLRLMSTEASQNITYHCKNSVAYMDQQTGNLKKALLLQGSNEIEIRAEGNSRFTYSVTVDGCTSHTGAWGKTVIEYKTTKTSRLPIIDVAPLDVGAPDQEFGFDVGPVCFL*|MFSFVDLRLLLLLAATALLTHGQEEGQVEGQDEDIPPITCVQNGLRYHDRDVWKPEPCRICVCDNGKVLCDDVICDETKNCPGAEVPEGECCPVCPDGSESPTDQETTGVEGPKGDTGPRGPRGPAGPPGRDGIPGQPGLPGPPGPPGPPGPPGLGGNFAPQLSYGYDEKSTGGISVPGPMGPSGPRGLPGPPGAPGPQGFQGPPGEPGEPGASGPMGPRGPPGPPGKNGDDGEAGKPGRPGERGPPGPQGARGLPGTAGLPGMKGHRGFSGLDGAKGDAGPAGPKGEPGSPGENGAPGQMGPRGLPGERGRPGAPGPAGARGNDGATGAAGPPGPTGPAGPPGFPGAVGAKGEAGPQGPRGSEGPQGVRGEPGPPGPAGAAGPAGNPGADGQPGAKGANGAPGIAGAPGFPGARGPSGPQGPGGPPGPKGNSCEPGAPGSKGDTGAKGEPGPVGVQGPPGPAGEEGKRGARGEPGPTGLPGPPGERGGPGSRGFPGADGVAGPKGPAGERGSPGPAGPKGSPGEAGRPGEAGLPGAKGLTGSPGSPGPDGKTGPPGPAGQDGRPGPPGPPGARGQAGVMGFPGPKGAAGEPGKAGERGVPGPPGAVGPAGKDGEAGAQGPPGPAGPAGERGEQGPAGSPGFQGLPGPAGPPGEAGKPGEQGVPGDLGAPGPSGARGERGFPGERGVQGPPGPAGPRGANGAPGNDGAKGDAGAPGAPGSQGAPGLQGMPGERGAAGLPGPKGDRGDAGPKGADGSPGKDGVRGLTGPIGPPGPAGAPGDKGESGPSGPAGPTGARGAPGDRGEPGPPGPAGFAGPPGADGQPGAKGEPGDAGAKGDAGPPGPAGPAGPPGPIGNVGAPGAKGARGSAGPPGATGFPGAAGRVGPPGPSGNAGPPGPPGPAGKEGGKGPRGETGPAGRPGEVGPPGPPGPAGEKGSPGADGPAGAPGTPGPQGIAGQRGVVGLPGQRGERGFPGLPGPSGEPGKQGPSGASGERGPPGPMGPPGLAGPPGESGREGAPGAEGSPGRDGSPGAKGDRGETGPAGPPGAPGAPGAPGPVGPAGKSGDRGETGPAGPAGPVGPVGARGPAGPQGPRGDKGETGEQGDRGIKGHRGFSGLQGPPGPPGSPGEQGPSGASGPAGPRGPPGSAGAPGKDGLNGLPGPIGPPGPRGRTGDAGPVGPPGPPGPPGPPGPPSAGFDFSFLPQPPQEKAHDGGRYYRADDANVVRDRDLEVDTTLKSLSQQIENIRSPEGSRKNPARTCRDLKMCHSDWKSGEYWIDPNQGCNLDAIKVFCNMETGETCVYPTQPSVAQKNWYISKNPKDKRHVWFGESMTDGFQFEYGGQGSDPADVAIQLTFLRLMSTEASQNITYHCKNSVAYMDQQTGNLKKALLLQGSNEIEIRAEGNSRFTYSVTVDGCTSHTGAWGKTVIEYKTTKTSRLPIIDVAPLDVGAPDQEFGFDVGPVCFL*
chr17:50277578:G/T:1	chr17	50277578	G|T	1	TMEM92	NM_001168215	162461	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	137	None
chr17:50277578:G/T:1	chr17	50277578	G|T	1	TMEM92	NM_153229	162461	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	137	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256324	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256325	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256326	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256327	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256328	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256329	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256330	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256331	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256332	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256333	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256334	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256359	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256360	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256361	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_018896	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_198376	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_198377	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_198378	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_198379	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_198380	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_198382	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_198383	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_198384	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_198385	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_198386	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_198387	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_198388	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NM_198396	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NR_046054	8913	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NR_046055	8913	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NR_046056	8913	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NR_046057	8913	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50578132:A/G:1	chr17	50578132	A|G	1	CACNA1G	NR_046058	8913	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256324	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256325	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256326	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256327	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256328	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256329	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256330	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256331	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256332	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256333	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256334	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256359	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256360	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_001256361	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_018896	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_198376	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_198377	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_198378	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_198379	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_198380	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_198382	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_198383	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_198384	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_198385	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_198386	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_198387	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_198388	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NM_198396	8913	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NR_046054	8913	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NR_046055	8913	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NR_046056	8913	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NR_046057	8913	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:50600626:G/T:1	chr17	50600626	G|T	1	CACNA1G	NR_046058	8913	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chr17:57833905:G/T:1	chr17	57833905	G|T	1	MRPS23	NM_016070	51649	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:58320561:C/A:1	chr17	58320561	C|A	1	TSPOAP1	NM_001261835	9256	coding	2314	1443	481	R>S	nonsyn	None	MEQLTTLPRPGDPGAMEPWALPTWHSWTPGRGGEPSSAAPSIADTPPAALQLQELRSEESSKPKGDGSSRPVGGTDPEGAEACLPSLGQQASSSGPACQRPEDEEVEAFLKAKLNMSFGDRPNLELLRALGELRQRCAILKEENQMLRKSSFPETEEKVRRLKRKNAELAVIAKRLEERARKLQETNLRVVSAPLPRPGTSLELCRKALARQRARDLSETASALLAKDKQIAALQRECRELQARLTLVGKEGPQWLHVRDFDRLLRESQREVLRLQRQIALRNQRETLPLPPSWPPGPALQARAGAPAPGAPGEATPQEDADNLPVILGEPEKEQRVQQLESELSKKRKKCESLEQEARKKQRRCEELELQLRQAQNENARLVEENSRLSGRATEKEQVEWENAELRGQLLGVTQERDSALRKSQGLQSKLESLEQVLKHMREVAQRRQQLEVEHEQARLSLREKQEEVRRLQQAQAEAQREHEGAVQLLESTLDSMQARVRELEEQCRSQTEQFSLLAQELQAFRLHPGPLDLLTSALDCGSLGDCPPPPCCCSIPQPCRGSGPKDLDLPPGSPGRCTPKSSEPAPATLTGVPRRTAKKAESLSNSSHSESIHNSPKSCPTPEVDTASEVEELEADSVSLLPAAPEGSRGGARIQVFLARYSYNPFEGPNENPEAELPLTAGEYIYIYGNMDEDGFFEGELMDGRRGLVPSNFVERVSDDDLLTSLPPELADLSHSSGPELSFLSVGGGGSSSGGQSSVGRSQPRPEEEDAGDELSLSPSPEGLGEPPAVPYPRRLVVLKQLAHSVVLAWEPPPEQVELHGFHICVNGELRQALGPGAPPKAVLENLDLWAGPLHISVQALTSRGSSDPLRCCLAVGARAGVVPSQLRVHRLTATSAEITWVPGNSNLAHAIYLNGEECPPASPSTYWATFCHLRPGTPYQAQVEAQLPPQGPWEPGWERLEQRAATLQFTTLPAGPPDAPLDVQIEPGPSPGILIISWLPVTIDAAGTSNGVRVTGYAIYADGQKIMEVASPTAGSVLVELSQLQLLQVCREVVVRTMSPHGESADSIPAPITPALAPASLPARVSCPSPHPSPEARAPLASASPGPGDPSSPLQHPAPLGTQEPPGAPPASPSREMAKGSHEDPPAPCSQEEAGAAVLGTSEERTASTSTLGEKDPGPAAPSLAKQEAEWTAGEACPASSSTQGARAQQAPNTEMCQGGDPGSGLRPRAEKEDTAELGVHLVNSLVDHGRNSDLSDIQEEEEEEEEEEEEELGSRTCSFQKQVAGNSIRENGAKSQPDPFCETDSDEEILEQILELPLQQFCSKKLFSIPEEEEEEEEDEEEEKSGAGCSSRDPGPPEPALLGLGCDSGQPRRPGQCPLSPESSRAGDCLEDMPGLVGGSSRRRGGGSPEKPPSRRRPPDPREHCSRLLSNNGPQASGRLGPTRERGGLPVIEGPRTGLEASGRGRLGPSRRCSRGRALEPGLASCLSPKCLEISIEYDSEDEQEAGSGGISITSSCYPGDGEAWGTATVGRPRGPPKANSGPKPYPRLPAWEKGEPERRGRSATGRAKEPLSRATETGEARGQDGSGRRGPQKRGVRVLRPSTAELVPARSPSETLAYQHLPVRIFVALFDYDPVSMSPNPDAGEEELPFREGQILKVFGDKDADGFYQGEGGGRTGYIPCNMVAEVAVDSPAGRQQLLQRGYLSPDILLEGSAHTTGPPPKPRRSKKAESEGPAQPCPGPPKLVPSADLKAPHSMVAAFDYNPQESSPNMDVEAELPFRAGDVITVFGGMDDDGFYYGELNGQRGLVPSNFLEGPGPEAGGLDREPRTPQAESQRTRRRRVQC*|MEQLTTLPRPGDPGAMEPWALPTWHSWTPGRGGEPSSAAPSIADTPPAALQLQELRSEESSKPKGDGSSRPVGGTDPEGAEACLPSLGQQASSSGPACQRPEDEEVEAFLKAKLNMSFGDRPNLELLRALGELRQRCAILKEENQMLRKSSFPETEEKVRRLKRKNAELAVIAKRLEERARKLQETNLRVVSAPLPRPGTSLELCRKALARQRARDLSETASALLAKDKQIAALQRECRELQARLTLVGKEGPQWLHVRDFDRLLRESQREVLRLQRQIALRNQRETLPLPPSWPPGPALQARAGAPAPGAPGEATPQEDADNLPVILGEPEKEQRVQQLESELSKKRKKCESLEQEARKKQRRCEELELQLRQAQNENARLVEENSRLSGRATEKEQVEWENAELRGQLLGVTQERDSALRKSQGLQSKLESLEQVLKHMREVAQRRQQLEVEHEQARLSLREKQEEVRRLQQAQAEAQSEHEGAVQLLESTLDSMQARVRELEEQCRSQTEQFSLLAQELQAFRLHPGPLDLLTSALDCGSLGDCPPPPCCCSIPQPCRGSGPKDLDLPPGSPGRCTPKSSEPAPATLTGVPRRTAKKAESLSNSSHSESIHNSPKSCPTPEVDTASEVEELEADSVSLLPAAPEGSRGGARIQVFLARYSYNPFEGPNENPEAELPLTAGEYIYIYGNMDEDGFFEGELMDGRRGLVPSNFVERVSDDDLLTSLPPELADLSHSSGPELSFLSVGGGGSSSGGQSSVGRSQPRPEEEDAGDELSLSPSPEGLGEPPAVPYPRRLVVLKQLAHSVVLAWEPPPEQVELHGFHICVNGELRQALGPGAPPKAVLENLDLWAGPLHISVQALTSRGSSDPLRCCLAVGARAGVVPSQLRVHRLTATSAEITWVPGNSNLAHAIYLNGEECPPASPSTYWATFCHLRPGTPYQAQVEAQLPPQGPWEPGWERLEQRAATLQFTTLPAGPPDAPLDVQIEPGPSPGILIISWLPVTIDAAGTSNGVRVTGYAIYADGQKIMEVASPTAGSVLVELSQLQLLQVCREVVVRTMSPHGESADSIPAPITPALAPASLPARVSCPSPHPSPEARAPLASASPGPGDPSSPLQHPAPLGTQEPPGAPPASPSREMAKGSHEDPPAPCSQEEAGAAVLGTSEERTASTSTLGEKDPGPAAPSLAKQEAEWTAGEACPASSSTQGARAQQAPNTEMCQGGDPGSGLRPRAEKEDTAELGVHLVNSLVDHGRNSDLSDIQEEEEEEEEEEEEELGSRTCSFQKQVAGNSIRENGAKSQPDPFCETDSDEEILEQILELPLQQFCSKKLFSIPEEEEEEEEDEEEEKSGAGCSSRDPGPPEPALLGLGCDSGQPRRPGQCPLSPESSRAGDCLEDMPGLVGGSSRRRGGGSPEKPPSRRRPPDPREHCSRLLSNNGPQASGRLGPTRERGGLPVIEGPRTGLEASGRGRLGPSRRCSRGRALEPGLASCLSPKCLEISIEYDSEDEQEAGSGGISITSSCYPGDGEAWGTATVGRPRGPPKANSGPKPYPRLPAWEKGEPERRGRSATGRAKEPLSRATETGEARGQDGSGRRGPQKRGVRVLRPSTAELVPARSPSETLAYQHLPVRIFVALFDYDPVSMSPNPDAGEEELPFREGQILKVFGDKDADGFYQGEGGGRTGYIPCNMVAEVAVDSPAGRQQLLQRGYLSPDILLEGSAHTTGPPPKPRRSKKAESEGPAQPCPGPPKLVPSADLKAPHSMVAAFDYNPQESSPNMDVEAELPFRAGDVITVFGGMDDDGFYYGELNGQRGLVPSNFLEGPGPEAGGLDREPRTPQAESQRTRRRRVQC*
chr17:58320561:C/A:1	chr17	58320561	C|A	1	TSPOAP1	NM_004758	9256	coding	2318	1443	481	R>S	nonsyn	None	MEQLTTLPRPGDPGAMEPWALPTWHSWTPGRGGEPSSAAPSIADTPPAALQLQELRSEESSKPKGDGSSRPVGGTDPEGAEACLPSLGQQASSSGPACQRPEDEEVEAFLKAKLNMSFGDRPNLELLRALGELRQRCAILKEENQMLRKSSFPETEEKVRRLKRKNAELAVIAKRLEERARKLQETNLRVVSAPLPRPGTSLELCRKALARQRARDLSETASALLAKDKQIAALQRECRELQARLTLVGKEGPQWLHVRDFDRLLRESQREVLRLQRQIALRNQRETLPLPPSWPPGPALQARAGAPAPGAPGEATPQEDADNLPVILGEPEKEQRVQQLESELSKKRKKCESLEQEARKKQRRCEELELQLRQAQNENARLVEENSRLSGRATEKEQVEWENAELRGQLLGVTQERDSALRKSQGLQSKLESLEQVLKHMREVAQRRQQLEVEHEQARLSLREKQEEVRRLQQAQAEAQREHEGAVQLLESTLDSMQARVRELEEQCRSQTEQFSLLAQELQAFRLHPGPLDLLTSALDCGSLGDCPPPPCCCSIPQPCRGSGPKDLDLPPGSPGRCTPKSSEPAPATLTGVPRRTAKKAESLSNSSHSESIHNSPKSCPTPEVDTASEVEELEADSVSLLPAAPEGSRGGARIQVFLARYSYNPFEGPNENPEAELPLTAGEYIYIYGNMDEDGFFEGELMDGRRGLVPSNFVERVSDDDLLTSLPPELADLSHSSGPELSFLSVGGGGSSSGGQSSVGRSQPRPEEEDAGDELSLSPSPEGLGEPPAVPYPRRLVVLKQLAHSVVLAWEPPPEQVELHGFHICVNGELRQALGPGAPPKAVLENLDLWAGPLHISVQALTSRGSSDPLRCCLAVGARAGVVPSQLRVHRLTATSAEITWVPGNSNLAHAIYLNGEECPPASPSTYWATFCHLRPGTPYQAQVEAQLPPQGPWEPGWERLEQRAATLQFTTLPAGPPDAPLDVQIEPGPSPGILIISWLPVTIDAAGTSNGVRVTGYAIYADGQKIMEVASPTAGSVLVELSQLQLLQVCREVVVRTMSPHGESADSIPAPITPALAPASLPARVSCPSPHPSPEARAPLASASPGPGDPSSPLQHPAPLGTQEPPGAPPASPSREMAKGSHEDPPAPCSQEEAGAAVLGTSEERTASTSTLGEKDPGPAAPSLAKQEAEWTAGEACPASSSTQGARAQQAPNTEMCQGGDPGSGLRPRAEKEDTAELGVHLVNSLVDHGRNSDLSDIQEEEEEEEEEEEEELGSRTCSFQKQVAGNSIRENGAKSQPDPFCETDSDEEILEQILELPLQQFCSKKLFSIPEEEEEEEEDEEEEKSGAGCSSRDPGPPEPALLGLGCDSGQPRRPGQCPLSPESSRAGDCLEDMPGLVGGSSRRRGGGSPEKPPSRRRPPDPREHCSRLLSNNGPQASGRLGPTRERGGLPVIEGPRTGLEASGRGRLGPSRRCSRGRALEPGLASCLSPKCLEISIEYDSEDEQEAGSGGISITSSCYPGDGEAWGTATVGRPRGPPKANSGPKPYPRLPAWEKGEPERRGRSATGRAKEPLSRATETGEARGQDGSGRRGPQKRGVRVLRPSTAELVPARSPSETLAYQHLPVRIFVALFDYDPVSMSPNPDAGEEELPFREGQILKVFGDKDADGFYQGEGGGRTGYIPCNMVAEVAVDSPAGRQQLLQRGYLSPDILLEGSGNGPFVYSTAHTTGPPPKPRRSKKAESEGPAQPCPGPPKLVPSADLKAPHSMVAAFDYNPQESSPNMDVEAELPFRAGDVITVFGGMDDDGFYYGELNGQRGLVPSNFLEGPGPEAGGLDREPRTPQAESQRTRRRRVQC*|MEQLTTLPRPGDPGAMEPWALPTWHSWTPGRGGEPSSAAPSIADTPPAALQLQELRSEESSKPKGDGSSRPVGGTDPEGAEACLPSLGQQASSSGPACQRPEDEEVEAFLKAKLNMSFGDRPNLELLRALGELRQRCAILKEENQMLRKSSFPETEEKVRRLKRKNAELAVIAKRLEERARKLQETNLRVVSAPLPRPGTSLELCRKALARQRARDLSETASALLAKDKQIAALQRECRELQARLTLVGKEGPQWLHVRDFDRLLRESQREVLRLQRQIALRNQRETLPLPPSWPPGPALQARAGAPAPGAPGEATPQEDADNLPVILGEPEKEQRVQQLESELSKKRKKCESLEQEARKKQRRCEELELQLRQAQNENARLVEENSRLSGRATEKEQVEWENAELRGQLLGVTQERDSALRKSQGLQSKLESLEQVLKHMREVAQRRQQLEVEHEQARLSLREKQEEVRRLQQAQAEAQSEHEGAVQLLESTLDSMQARVRELEEQCRSQTEQFSLLAQELQAFRLHPGPLDLLTSALDCGSLGDCPPPPCCCSIPQPCRGSGPKDLDLPPGSPGRCTPKSSEPAPATLTGVPRRTAKKAESLSNSSHSESIHNSPKSCPTPEVDTASEVEELEADSVSLLPAAPEGSRGGARIQVFLARYSYNPFEGPNENPEAELPLTAGEYIYIYGNMDEDGFFEGELMDGRRGLVPSNFVERVSDDDLLTSLPPELADLSHSSGPELSFLSVGGGGSSSGGQSSVGRSQPRPEEEDAGDELSLSPSPEGLGEPPAVPYPRRLVVLKQLAHSVVLAWEPPPEQVELHGFHICVNGELRQALGPGAPPKAVLENLDLWAGPLHISVQALTSRGSSDPLRCCLAVGARAGVVPSQLRVHRLTATSAEITWVPGNSNLAHAIYLNGEECPPASPSTYWATFCHLRPGTPYQAQVEAQLPPQGPWEPGWERLEQRAATLQFTTLPAGPPDAPLDVQIEPGPSPGILIISWLPVTIDAAGTSNGVRVTGYAIYADGQKIMEVASPTAGSVLVELSQLQLLQVCREVVVRTMSPHGESADSIPAPITPALAPASLPARVSCPSPHPSPEARAPLASASPGPGDPSSPLQHPAPLGTQEPPGAPPASPSREMAKGSHEDPPAPCSQEEAGAAVLGTSEERTASTSTLGEKDPGPAAPSLAKQEAEWTAGEACPASSSTQGARAQQAPNTEMCQGGDPGSGLRPRAEKEDTAELGVHLVNSLVDHGRNSDLSDIQEEEEEEEEEEEEELGSRTCSFQKQVAGNSIRENGAKSQPDPFCETDSDEEILEQILELPLQQFCSKKLFSIPEEEEEEEEDEEEEKSGAGCSSRDPGPPEPALLGLGCDSGQPRRPGQCPLSPESSRAGDCLEDMPGLVGGSSRRRGGGSPEKPPSRRRPPDPREHCSRLLSNNGPQASGRLGPTRERGGLPVIEGPRTGLEASGRGRLGPSRRCSRGRALEPGLASCLSPKCLEISIEYDSEDEQEAGSGGISITSSCYPGDGEAWGTATVGRPRGPPKANSGPKPYPRLPAWEKGEPERRGRSATGRAKEPLSRATETGEARGQDGSGRRGPQKRGVRVLRPSTAELVPARSPSETLAYQHLPVRIFVALFDYDPVSMSPNPDAGEEELPFREGQILKVFGDKDADGFYQGEGGGRTGYIPCNMVAEVAVDSPAGRQQLLQRGYLSPDILLEGSGNGPFVYSTAHTTGPPPKPRRSKKAESEGPAQPCPGPPKLVPSADLKAPHSMVAAFDYNPQESSPNMDVEAELPFRAGDVITVFGGMDDDGFYYGELNGQRGLVPSNFLEGPGPEAGGLDREPRTPQAESQRTRRRRVQC*
chr17:58320561:C/A:1	chr17	58320561	C|A	1	TSPOAP1	NM_024418	9256	coding	2134	1263	421	R>S	nonsyn	None	MEQLTTLPRPGDPGAMEPWALPTWHSWTPGRGGEPSSAAPSIADTPPAALQLQELRSEESSKPKGDGSSRPVGGTDPEGAEACLPSLGQQASSSGPACQRPEDEEVEAFLKAKLNMSFGDRPNLELLRALGELRQRCAILKEENQMLRKSSFPETEEKVRRLKRKNAELAVIAKRLEERARKLQETNLRVEGPQWLHVRDFDRLLRESQREVLRLQRQIALRNQRETLPLPPSWPPGPALQARAGAPAPGAPGEATPQEDADNLPVILGEPEKEQRVQQLESELSKKRKKCESLEQEARKKQRRCEELELQLRQAQNENARLVEENSRLSGRATEKEQVEWENAELRGQLLGVTQERDSALRKSQGLQSKLESLEQVLKHMREVAQRRQQLEVEHEQARLSLREKQEEVRRLQQAQAEAQREHEGAVQLLESTLDSMQARVRELEEQCRSQTEQFSLLAQELQAFRLHPGPLDLLTSALDCGSLGDCPPPPCCCSIPQPCRGSGPKDLDLPPGSPGRCTPKSSEPAPATLTGVPRRTAKKAESLSNSSHSESIHNSPKSCPTPEVDTASEVEELEADSVSLLPAAPEGSRGGARIQVFLARYSYNPFEGPNENPEAELPLTAGEYIYIYGNMDEDGFFEGELMDGRRGLVPSNFVERVSDDDLLTSLPPELADLSHSSGPELSFLSVGGGGSSSGGQSSVGRSQPRPEEEDAGDELSLSPSPEGLGEPPAVPYPRRLVVLKQLAHSVVLAWEPPPEQVELHGFHICVNGELRQALGPGAPPKAVLENLDLWAGPLHISVQALTSRGSSDPLRCCLAVGARAGVVPSQLRVHRLTATSAEITWVPGNSNLAHAIYLNGEECPPASPSTYWATFCHLRPGTPYQAQVEAQLPPQGPWEPGWERLEQRAATLQFTTLPAGPPDAPLDVQIEPGPSPGILIISWLPVTIDAAGTSNGVRVTGYAIYADGQKIMEVASPTAGSVLVELSQLQLLQVCREVVVRTMSPHGESADSIPAPITPALAPASLPARVSCPSPHPSPEARAPLASASPGPGDPSSPLQHPAPLGTQEPPGAPPASPSREMAKGSHEDPPAPCSQEEAGAAVLGTSEERTASTSTLGEKDPGPAAPSLAKQEAEWTAGEACPASSSTQGARAQQAPNTEMCQGGDPGSGLRPRAEKEDTAELGVHLVNSLVDHGRNSDLSDIQEEEEEEEEEEEEELGSRTCSFQKQVAGNSIRENGAKSQPDPFCETDSDEEILEQILELPLQQFCSKKLFSIPEEEEEEEEDEEEEKSGAGCSSRDPGPPEPALLGLGCDSGQPRRPGQCPLSPESSRAGDCLEDMPGLVGGSSRRRGGGSPEKPPSRRRPPDPREHCSRLLSNNGPQASGRLGPTRERGGLPVIEGPRTGLEASGRGRLGPSRRCSRGRALEPGLASCLSPKCLEISIEYDSEDEQEAGSGGISITSSCYPGDGEAWGTATVGRPRGPPKANSGPKPYPRLPAWEKGEPERRGRSATGRAKEPLSRATETGEARGQDGSGRRGPQKRGVRVLRPSTAELVPARSPSETLAYQHLPVRIFVALFDYDPVSMSPNPDAGEEELPFREGQILKVFGDKDADGFYQGEGGGRTGYIPCNMVAEVAVDSPAGRQQLLQRGYLSPDILLEGSGNGPFVYSTAHTTGPPPKPRRSKKAESEGPAQPCPGPPKLVPSADLKAPHSMVAAFDYNPQESSPNMDVEAELPFRAGDVITVFGGMDDDGFYYGELNGQRGLVPSNFLEGPGPEAGGLDREPRTPQAESQRTRRRRVQC*|MEQLTTLPRPGDPGAMEPWALPTWHSWTPGRGGEPSSAAPSIADTPPAALQLQELRSEESSKPKGDGSSRPVGGTDPEGAEACLPSLGQQASSSGPACQRPEDEEVEAFLKAKLNMSFGDRPNLELLRALGELRQRCAILKEENQMLRKSSFPETEEKVRRLKRKNAELAVIAKRLEERARKLQETNLRVEGPQWLHVRDFDRLLRESQREVLRLQRQIALRNQRETLPLPPSWPPGPALQARAGAPAPGAPGEATPQEDADNLPVILGEPEKEQRVQQLESELSKKRKKCESLEQEARKKQRRCEELELQLRQAQNENARLVEENSRLSGRATEKEQVEWENAELRGQLLGVTQERDSALRKSQGLQSKLESLEQVLKHMREVAQRRQQLEVEHEQARLSLREKQEEVRRLQQAQAEAQSEHEGAVQLLESTLDSMQARVRELEEQCRSQTEQFSLLAQELQAFRLHPGPLDLLTSALDCGSLGDCPPPPCCCSIPQPCRGSGPKDLDLPPGSPGRCTPKSSEPAPATLTGVPRRTAKKAESLSNSSHSESIHNSPKSCPTPEVDTASEVEELEADSVSLLPAAPEGSRGGARIQVFLARYSYNPFEGPNENPEAELPLTAGEYIYIYGNMDEDGFFEGELMDGRRGLVPSNFVERVSDDDLLTSLPPELADLSHSSGPELSFLSVGGGGSSSGGQSSVGRSQPRPEEEDAGDELSLSPSPEGLGEPPAVPYPRRLVVLKQLAHSVVLAWEPPPEQVELHGFHICVNGELRQALGPGAPPKAVLENLDLWAGPLHISVQALTSRGSSDPLRCCLAVGARAGVVPSQLRVHRLTATSAEITWVPGNSNLAHAIYLNGEECPPASPSTYWATFCHLRPGTPYQAQVEAQLPPQGPWEPGWERLEQRAATLQFTTLPAGPPDAPLDVQIEPGPSPGILIISWLPVTIDAAGTSNGVRVTGYAIYADGQKIMEVASPTAGSVLVELSQLQLLQVCREVVVRTMSPHGESADSIPAPITPALAPASLPARVSCPSPHPSPEARAPLASASPGPGDPSSPLQHPAPLGTQEPPGAPPASPSREMAKGSHEDPPAPCSQEEAGAAVLGTSEERTASTSTLGEKDPGPAAPSLAKQEAEWTAGEACPASSSTQGARAQQAPNTEMCQGGDPGSGLRPRAEKEDTAELGVHLVNSLVDHGRNSDLSDIQEEEEEEEEEEEEELGSRTCSFQKQVAGNSIRENGAKSQPDPFCETDSDEEILEQILELPLQQFCSKKLFSIPEEEEEEEEDEEEEKSGAGCSSRDPGPPEPALLGLGCDSGQPRRPGQCPLSPESSRAGDCLEDMPGLVGGSSRRRGGGSPEKPPSRRRPPDPREHCSRLLSNNGPQASGRLGPTRERGGLPVIEGPRTGLEASGRGRLGPSRRCSRGRALEPGLASCLSPKCLEISIEYDSEDEQEAGSGGISITSSCYPGDGEAWGTATVGRPRGPPKANSGPKPYPRLPAWEKGEPERRGRSATGRAKEPLSRATETGEARGQDGSGRRGPQKRGVRVLRPSTAELVPARSPSETLAYQHLPVRIFVALFDYDPVSMSPNPDAGEEELPFREGQILKVFGDKDADGFYQGEGGGRTGYIPCNMVAEVAVDSPAGRQQLLQRGYLSPDILLEGSGNGPFVYSTAHTTGPPPKPRRSKKAESEGPAQPCPGPPKLVPSADLKAPHSMVAAFDYNPQESSPNMDVEAELPFRAGDVITVFGGMDDDGFYYGELNGQRGLVPSNFLEGPGPEAGGLDREPRTPQAESQRTRRRRVQC*
chr17:59731368:G/T:1	chr17	59731368	G|T	1	VMP1	NM_001329395	81671	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	53	None
chr17:59731368:G/T:1	chr17	59731368	G|T	1	VMP1	NM_001329396	81671	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	53	None
chr17:59731368:G/T:1	chr17	59731368	G|T	1	VMP1	NM_001329397	81671	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	53	None
chr17:59731368:G/T:1	chr17	59731368	G|T	1	VMP1	NM_001329398	81671	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	53	None
chr17:59731368:G/T:1	chr17	59731368	G|T	1	VMP1	NM_001329399	81671	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	53	None
chr17:59731368:G/T:1	chr17	59731368	G|T	1	VMP1	NM_001329400	81671	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	53	None
chr17:59731368:G/T:1	chr17	59731368	G|T	1	VMP1	NM_001329401	81671	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	53	None
chr17:59731368:G/T:1	chr17	59731368	G|T	1	VMP1	NM_001329402	81671	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	53	None
chr17:59731368:G/T:1	chr17	59731368	G|T	1	VMP1	NM_030938	81671	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	53	None
chr17:59731368:G/T:1	chr17	59731368	G|T	1	VMP1	NM_001329394	81671	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	53	None
chr17:60231655:G/A:1	chr17	60231655	G|A	1	USP32	NM_032582	84669	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4483	None
chr17:60231655:G/A:1	chr17	60231655	G|A	1	SCARNA20	NR_002999	677681	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:63895212:T/C:1	chr17	63895212	T|C	1	CSH1	NM_001317	1442	coding	527	464	155	E>G	nonsyn	None	MAPGSRTSLLLAFALLCLPWLQEAGAVQTVPLSRLFDHAMLQAHRAHQLAIDTYQEFEETYIPKDQKYSFLHDSQTSFCFSDSIPTPSNMEETQQKSNLELLRISLLLIESWLEPVRFLRSMFANNLVYDTSDSDDYHLLKDLEEGIQTLMGRLEDGSRRTGQILKQTYSKFDTNSHNHDALLKNYGLLYCFRKDMDKVETFLRMVQCRSVEGSCGF*|MAPGSRTSLLLAFALLCLPWLQEAGAVQTVPLSRLFDHAMLQAHRAHQLAIDTYQEFEETYIPKDQKYSFLHDSQTSFCFSDSIPTPSNMEETQQKSNLELLRISLLLIESWLEPVRFLRSMFANNLVYDTSDSDDYHLLKDLEEGIQTLMGRLGDGSRRTGQILKQTYSKFDTNSHNHDALLKNYGLLYCFRKDMDKVETFLRMVQCRSVEGSCGF*
chr17:65217991:G/T:1	chr17	65217991	G|T	1	RGS9	NM_001081955	8787	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7011	None
chr17:65217991:G/T:1	chr17	65217991	G|T	1	RGS9	NM_003835	8787	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7011	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001033569	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001033570	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001033571	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001033572	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001289054	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001289056	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001346471	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001346472	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001346473	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001346474	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001346475	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001346476	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001346477	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001346478	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001346479	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001346485	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_016627	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NR_144442	51321	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001033574	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	240	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001346480	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	240	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001346481	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001346482	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001346483	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NM_001346484	51321	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:68250710:A/T:1	chr17	68250710	A|T	1	AMZ2	NR_144443	51321	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr17:74309209:G/A:1	chr17	74309209	G|A	1	DNAI2	NM_001172810	64446	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	44	None
chr17:74309209:G/A:1	chr17	74309209	G|A	1	DNAI2	NM_001353167	64446	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	44	None
chr17:74309209:G/A:1	chr17	74309209	G|A	1	DNAI2	NM_023036	64446	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	44	None
chr17:74309209:G/A:1	chr17	74309209	G|A	1	DNAI2	NR_148379	64446	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	44	None
chr17:74432037:G/A:1	chr17	74432037	G|A	1	GPRC5C	NM_001366261	55890	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:74432037:G/A:1	chr17	74432037	G|A	1	GPRC5C	NM_001366262	55890	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:74432037:G/A:1	chr17	74432037	G|A	1	GPRC5C	NM_022036	55890	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:74432037:G/A:1	chr17	74432037	G|A	1	GPRC5C	NM_018653	55890	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr17:75926749:C/A:1	chr17	75926749	C|A	1	FBF1	NM_001319193	85302	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9	None
chr17:76292341:T/C:1	chr17	76292341	T|C	1	QRICH2	NR_130649	84074	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2264	None
chr17:76292341:T/C:1	chr17	76292341	T|C	1	QRICH2	NM_032134	84074	coding	2068	1888	630	I>V	nonsyn	None	MKDAAEELSFARVLLQRVDELEKLFKDREQFLELVSRKLSLVPGAEEVTMVTWEELEQAITDGWRASQAGSETLMGFSKHGGFTSLTSPEGTLSGDSTKQPSIEQALDSASGLGPDRTASGSGGTAHPSDGVSSREQSKVPSGTGRQQQPRARDEAGVPRLHQSSTFQFKSDSDRHRSREKLTSTQPRRNARPGPVQQDLPLARDQPSSVPASQSQVHLRPDRRGLEPTGMNQPGLVPASTYPHGVVPLSMGQLGVPPPEMDDRELIPFVVDEQRMLPPSVPGRDQQGLELPSTDQHGLVSVSAYQHGMTFPGTDQRSMEPLGMDQRGCVISGMGQQGLVPPGIDQQGLTLPVVDQHGLVLPFTDQHGLVSPGLMPISADQQGFVQPSLEATGFIQPGTEQHDLIQSGRFQRALVQRGAYQPGLVQPGADQRGLVRPGMDQSGLAQPGADQRGLVWPGMDQSGLAQPGRDQHGLIQPGTGQHDLVQSGTGQGVLVQPGVDQPGMVQPGRFQRALVQPGAYQPGLVQPGADQIDVVQPGADQHGLVQSGADQSDLAQPGAVQHGLVQPGVDQRGLAQPRADHQRGLVPPGADQRGLVQPGADQHGLVQPGVDQHGLAQPGEVQRSLVQPGIVQRGLVQPGAVQRGLVQPGAVQRGLVQPGVDQRGLVQPGAVQRGLVQPGAVQHGLVQPGADQRGLVQPGVDQRGLVQPGVDQRGLVQPGMDQRGLIQPGADQPGLVQPGAGQLGMVQPGIGQQGMVQPQADPHGLVQPGAYPLGLVQPGAYLHDLSQSGTYPRGLVQPGMDQYGLRQPGAYQPGLIAPGTKLRGSSTFQADSTGFISVRPYQHGMVPPGREQYGQVSPLLASQGLASPGIDRRSLVPPETYQQGLMHPGTDQHSPIPLSTGLGSTHPDQQHVASPGPGEHDQVYPDAAQHGHAFSLFDSHDSMYPGYRGPGYLSADQHGQEGLDPNRTRASDRHGIPAQKAPGQDVTLFRSPDSVDRVLSEGSEVSSEVLSERRNSLRRMSSSFPTAVETFHLMGELSSLYVGLKESMKDLDEEQAGQTDLEKIQFLLAQMVKRTIPPELQEQLKTVKTLAKEVWQEKAKVERLQRILEGEGNQEAGKELKAGELRLQLGVLRVTVADIEKELAELRESQDRGKAAMENSVSEASLYLQDQLDKLRMIIESMLTSSSTLLSMSMAPHKAHTLAPGQIDPEATCPACSLDVSHQVSTLVRRYEQLQDMVNSLAVSRPSKKAKLQRQDEELLGRVQSAILQVQGDCEKLNITTSNLIEDHRQKQKDIAMLYQGLEKLEKEKANREHLEMEIDVKADKSALATKVSRVQFDATTEQLNHMMQELVAKMSGQEQDWQKMLDRLLTEMDNKLDRLELDPVKQLLEDRWKSLRQQLRERPPLYQADEAAAMRRQLLAHFHCLSCDRPLETPVTGHAIPVTPAGPGLPGHHSIRPYTVFELEQVRQHSRNLKLGSAFPRGDLAQMEQSVGRLRSMHSKMLMNIEKVQIHFGGSTKASSQIIRELLHAQCLGSPCYKRVTDMADYTYSTVPRRCGGSHTLTYPYHRSRPQHLPRGLYPTEEIQIAMKHDEVDILGLDGHIYKGRMDTRLPGILRKDSSGTSKRKSQQPRPHVHRPPSLSSNGQLPSRPQSAQISAGNTSER*|MKDAAEELSFARVLLQRVDELEKLFKDREQFLELVSRKLSLVPGAEEVTMVTWEELEQAITDGWRASQAGSETLMGFSKHGGFTSLTSPEGTLSGDSTKQPSIEQALDSASGLGPDRTASGSGGTAHPSDGVSSREQSKVPSGTGRQQQPRARDEAGVPRLHQSSTFQFKSDSDRHRSREKLTSTQPRRNARPGPVQQDLPLARDQPSSVPASQSQVHLRPDRRGLEPTGMNQPGLVPASTYPHGVVPLSMGQLGVPPPEMDDRELIPFVVDEQRMLPPSVPGRDQQGLELPSTDQHGLVSVSAYQHGMTFPGTDQRSMEPLGMDQRGCVISGMGQQGLVPPGIDQQGLTLPVVDQHGLVLPFTDQHGLVSPGLMPISADQQGFVQPSLEATGFIQPGTEQHDLIQSGRFQRALVQRGAYQPGLVQPGADQRGLVRPGMDQSGLAQPGADQRGLVWPGMDQSGLAQPGRDQHGLIQPGTGQHDLVQSGTGQGVLVQPGVDQPGMVQPGRFQRALVQPGAYQPGLVQPGADQIDVVQPGADQHGLVQSGADQSDLAQPGAVQHGLVQPGVDQRGLAQPRADHQRGLVPPGADQRGLVQPGADQHGLVQPGVDQHGLAQPGEVQRSLVQPGVVQRGLVQPGAVQRGLVQPGAVQRGLVQPGVDQRGLVQPGAVQRGLVQPGAVQHGLVQPGADQRGLVQPGVDQRGLVQPGVDQRGLVQPGMDQRGLIQPGADQPGLVQPGAGQLGMVQPGIGQQGMVQPQADPHGLVQPGAYPLGLVQPGAYLHDLSQSGTYPRGLVQPGMDQYGLRQPGAYQPGLIAPGTKLRGSSTFQADSTGFISVRPYQHGMVPPGREQYGQVSPLLASQGLASPGIDRRSLVPPETYQQGLMHPGTDQHSPIPLSTGLGSTHPDQQHVASPGPGEHDQVYPDAAQHGHAFSLFDSHDSMYPGYRGPGYLSADQHGQEGLDPNRTRASDRHGIPAQKAPGQDVTLFRSPDSVDRVLSEGSEVSSEVLSERRNSLRRMSSSFPTAVETFHLMGELSSLYVGLKESMKDLDEEQAGQTDLEKIQFLLAQMVKRTIPPELQEQLKTVKTLAKEVWQEKAKVERLQRILEGEGNQEAGKELKAGELRLQLGVLRVTVADIEKELAELRESQDRGKAAMENSVSEASLYLQDQLDKLRMIIESMLTSSSTLLSMSMAPHKAHTLAPGQIDPEATCPACSLDVSHQVSTLVRRYEQLQDMVNSLAVSRPSKKAKLQRQDEELLGRVQSAILQVQGDCEKLNITTSNLIEDHRQKQKDIAMLYQGLEKLEKEKANREHLEMEIDVKADKSALATKVSRVQFDATTEQLNHMMQELVAKMSGQEQDWQKMLDRLLTEMDNKLDRLELDPVKQLLEDRWKSLRQQLRERPPLYQADEAAAMRRQLLAHFHCLSCDRPLETPVTGHAIPVTPAGPGLPGHHSIRPYTVFELEQVRQHSRNLKLGSAFPRGDLAQMEQSVGRLRSMHSKMLMNIEKVQIHFGGSTKASSQIIRELLHAQCLGSPCYKRVTDMADYTYSTVPRRCGGSHTLTYPYHRSRPQHLPRGLYPTEEIQIAMKHDEVDILGLDGHIYKGRMDTRLPGILRKDSSGTSKRKSQQPRPHVHRPPSLSSNGQLPSRPQSAQISAGNTSER*
chr17:78134607:G/T:1	chr17	78134607	G|T	1	TMC8	NM_152468	147138	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr17:78466528:G/A:1	chr17	78466528	G|A	1	DNAH17	NM_173628	8632	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	127	None
chr17:80086090:G/A:1	chr17	80086090	G|A	1	CCDC40	NM_001243342	55036	coding	2354	2323	775	V>M	nonsyn	None	MAEPGGAAGRSHPEDGSASEGEKEGNNESHMVSPPEKDDGQKGEEAVGSTEHPEEVTTQAEAAIEEGEVETEGEAAVEGEEEAVSYGDAESEEEYYYTETSSPEGQISAADTTYPYFSPPQELPGEEAYDSVSGEAGLQGFQQEATGPPESRERRVTSPEPSHGVLGPSEQMGQVTSGPAVGRLTGSTEEPQGQVLPMGVQHRFRLSHGSDIESSDLEEFVSQEPVIPPGVPDAHPREGDLPVFQDQIQQPSTEEGAMAERVESEGSDEEAEDEGSQLVVLDPDHPLMVRFQAALKNYLNRQIEKLKLDLQELVVATKQSRAQRQELGVNLYEVQQHLVHLQKLLEKSHDRHAMASSERRQKEEELQAARALYTKTCAAANEERKKLAALQTEMENLALHLFYMQNIDQDMRDDIRVMTQVVKKAETERIRAEIEKKKQDLYVDQLTTRAQQLEEDIALFEAQYLAQAEDTRILRKAVSEACTEIDAISVEKRRIMQQWASSLVGMKHRDEAHRAVLEALRGCQHQAKSTDGEIEAYKKSIMKEEEKNEKLASILNRTETEATLLQKLTTQCLTKQVALQSQFNTYRLTLQDTEDALSQDQLEQMILTEELQAIRQAIQGELELRRKTDAAIREKLQEHMTSNKTTKYFNQLILRLQKEKTNMMTHLSKINGDIAQTTLDITHTSSRLDAHQKTLVELDQDVKKVNELITNSQSEISRRTILIERKQGLINFLNKQLERMVSELGGEEVGPLELEIKRLSKLIDEHDGKAVQAQVTWLRLQQEMVKVTQEQEEQLASLDASKKELHIMEQKKLRVESKIEQEKKEQKEIEHHMKDLDNDLKKLNMLMNKNRCSSEELEQNNRVTENEFVRSLKASERETIKMQDKLNQLSEEKATLLNQLVEAEHQIMLWEKKIQLAKEMRSSVDSEIGQTEIRAMKGEIHRMKKYCRTTQDAHRHVHEQHGTHAGTCTKNTGRAQARARTTRDARGHVHEQHGTRAGTCTNNTGRAQARARTRDARRHVHEHRTHTARA*|MAEPGGAAGRSHPEDGSASEGEKEGNNESHMVSPPEKDDGQKGEEAVGSTEHPEEVTTQAEAAIEEGEVETEGEAAVEGEEEAVSYGDAESEEEYYYTETSSPEGQISAADTTYPYFSPPQELPGEEAYDSVSGEAGLQGFQQEATGPPESRERRVTSPEPSHGVLGPSEQMGQVTSGPAVGRLTGSTEEPQGQVLPMGVQHRFRLSHGSDIESSDLEEFVSQEPVIPPGVPDAHPREGDLPVFQDQIQQPSTEEGAMAERVESEGSDEEAEDEGSQLVVLDPDHPLMVRFQAALKNYLNRQIEKLKLDLQELVVATKQSRAQRQELGVNLYEVQQHLVHLQKLLEKSHDRHAMASSERRQKEEELQAARALYTKTCAAANEERKKLAALQTEMENLALHLFYMQNIDQDMRDDIRVMTQVVKKAETERIRAEIEKKKQDLYVDQLTTRAQQLEEDIALFEAQYLAQAEDTRILRKAVSEACTEIDAISVEKRRIMQQWASSLVGMKHRDEAHRAVLEALRGCQHQAKSTDGEIEAYKKSIMKEEEKNEKLASILNRTETEATLLQKLTTQCLTKQVALQSQFNTYRLTLQDTEDALSQDQLEQMILTEELQAIRQAIQGELELRRKTDAAIREKLQEHMTSNKTTKYFNQLILRLQKEKTNMMTHLSKINGDIAQTTLDITHTSSRLDAHQKTLVELDQDVKKVNELITNSQSEISRRTILIERKQGLINFLNKQLERMVSELGGEEVGPLELEIKRLSKLIDEHDGKAVQAQMTWLRLQQEMVKVTQEQEEQLASLDASKKELHIMEQKKLRVESKIEQEKKEQKEIEHHMKDLDNDLKKLNMLMNKNRCSSEELEQNNRVTENEFVRSLKASERETIKMQDKLNQLSEEKATLLNQLVEAEHQIMLWEKKIQLAKEMRSSVDSEIGQTEIRAMKGEIHRMKKYCRTTQDAHRHVHEQHGTHAGTCTKNTGRAQARARTTRDARGHVHEQHGTRAGTCTNNTGRAQARARTRDARRHVHEHRTHTARA*
chr17:80086090:G/A:1	chr17	80086090	G|A	1	CCDC40	NM_017950	55036	coding	2344	2323	775	V>M	nonsyn	None	MAEPGGAAGRSHPEDGSASEGEKEGNNESHMVSPPEKDDGQKGEEAVGSTEHPEEVTTQAEAAIEEGEVETEGEAAVEGEEEAVSYGDAESEEEYYYTETSSPEGQISAADTTYPYFSPPQELPGEEAYDSVSGEAGLQGFQQEATGPPESRERRVTSPEPSHGVLGPSEQMGQVTSGPAVGRLTGSTEEPQGQVLPMGVQHRFRLSHGSDIESSDLEEFVSQEPVIPPGVPDAHPREGDLPVFQDQIQQPSTEEGAMAERVESEGSDEEAEDEGSQLVVLDPDHPLMVRFQAALKNYLNRQIEKLKLDLQELVVATKQSRAQRQELGVNLYEVQQHLVHLQKLLEKSHDRHAMASSERRQKEEELQAARALYTKTCAAANEERKKLAALQTEMENLALHLFYMQNIDQDMRDDIRVMTQVVKKAETERIRAEIEKKKQDLYVDQLTTRAQQLEEDIALFEAQYLAQAEDTRILRKAVSEACTEIDAISVEKRRIMQQWASSLVGMKHRDEAHRAVLEALRGCQHQAKSTDGEIEAYKKSIMKEEEKNEKLASILNRTETEATLLQKLTTQCLTKQVALQSQFNTYRLTLQDTEDALSQDQLEQMILTEELQAIRQAIQGELELRRKTDAAIREKLQEHMTSNKTTKYFNQLILRLQKEKTNMMTHLSKINGDIAQTTLDITHTSSRLDAHQKTLVELDQDVKKVNELITNSQSEISRRTILIERKQGLINFLNKQLERMVSELGGEEVGPLELEIKRLSKLIDEHDGKAVQAQVTWLRLQQEMVKVTQEQEEQLASLDASKKELHIMEQKKLRVESKIEQEKKEQKEIEHHMKDLDNDLKKLNMLMNKNRCSSEELEQNNRVTENEFVRSLKASERETIKMQDKLNQLSEEKATLLNQLVEAEHQIMLWEKKIQLAKEMRSSVDSEIGQTEIRAMKGEIHRMKVRLGQLLKQQEKMIRAMELAVARRETVTTQAEGQRKMDRKALTRTDFHHKQLELRRKIRDVRKATDECTKTVLELEETQRNVSSSLLEKQEKLSVIQADFDTLEADLTRLGALKRQNLSEIVALQTRLKHLQAVKEGRYVFLFRSKQSLVLERQRLDKRLALIATILDRVRDEYPQFQEALHKVSQMIANKLESPGPS*|MAEPGGAAGRSHPEDGSASEGEKEGNNESHMVSPPEKDDGQKGEEAVGSTEHPEEVTTQAEAAIEEGEVETEGEAAVEGEEEAVSYGDAESEEEYYYTETSSPEGQISAADTTYPYFSPPQELPGEEAYDSVSGEAGLQGFQQEATGPPESRERRVTSPEPSHGVLGPSEQMGQVTSGPAVGRLTGSTEEPQGQVLPMGVQHRFRLSHGSDIESSDLEEFVSQEPVIPPGVPDAHPREGDLPVFQDQIQQPSTEEGAMAERVESEGSDEEAEDEGSQLVVLDPDHPLMVRFQAALKNYLNRQIEKLKLDLQELVVATKQSRAQRQELGVNLYEVQQHLVHLQKLLEKSHDRHAMASSERRQKEEELQAARALYTKTCAAANEERKKLAALQTEMENLALHLFYMQNIDQDMRDDIRVMTQVVKKAETERIRAEIEKKKQDLYVDQLTTRAQQLEEDIALFEAQYLAQAEDTRILRKAVSEACTEIDAISVEKRRIMQQWASSLVGMKHRDEAHRAVLEALRGCQHQAKSTDGEIEAYKKSIMKEEEKNEKLASILNRTETEATLLQKLTTQCLTKQVALQSQFNTYRLTLQDTEDALSQDQLEQMILTEELQAIRQAIQGELELRRKTDAAIREKLQEHMTSNKTTKYFNQLILRLQKEKTNMMTHLSKINGDIAQTTLDITHTSSRLDAHQKTLVELDQDVKKVNELITNSQSEISRRTILIERKQGLINFLNKQLERMVSELGGEEVGPLELEIKRLSKLIDEHDGKAVQAQMTWLRLQQEMVKVTQEQEEQLASLDASKKELHIMEQKKLRVESKIEQEKKEQKEIEHHMKDLDNDLKKLNMLMNKNRCSSEELEQNNRVTENEFVRSLKASERETIKMQDKLNQLSEEKATLLNQLVEAEHQIMLWEKKIQLAKEMRSSVDSEIGQTEIRAMKGEIHRMKVRLGQLLKQQEKMIRAMELAVARRETVTTQAEGQRKMDRKALTRTDFHHKQLELRRKIRDVRKATDECTKTVLELEETQRNVSSSLLEKQEKLSVIQADFDTLEADLTRLGALKRQNLSEIVALQTRLKHLQAVKEGRYVFLFRSKQSLVLERQRLDKRLALIATILDRVRDEYPQFQEALHKVSQMIANKLESPGPS*
chr17:80664395:C/A:1	chr17	80664395	C|A	1	RPTOR	NM_001163034	57521	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	20585	None
chr17:80664395:C/A:1	chr17	80664395	C|A	1	RPTOR	NM_020761	57521	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	20585	None
chr17:83048634:G/T:1	chr17	83048634	G|T	1	B3GNTL1	NM_001009905	146712	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chr17:83048634:G/T:1	chr17	83048634	G|T	1	B3GNTL1	NM_001320742	146712	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chr17:83048634:G/T:1	chr17	83048634	G|T	1	B3GNTL1	NR_135465	146712	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chr18:2760601:T/C:1	chr18	2760601	T|C	1	SMCHD1	NM_015295	23347	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	51	None
chr18:12028250:G/A:1	chr18	12028250	G|A	1	IMPA2	NM_014214	3613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	99	None
chr18:12506748:T/A:1	chr18	12506748	T|A	1	SPIRE1	NM_001128626	56907	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	107	None
chr18:12506748:T/A:1	chr18	12506748	T|A	1	SPIRE1	NM_001128627	56907	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	107	None
chr18:12506748:T/A:1	chr18	12506748	T|A	1	SPIRE1	NM_020148	56907	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	107	None
chr18:24143419:T/A:1	chr18	24143419	T|A	1	CABYR	NM_001308231	26256	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4301	None
chr18:24143419:T/A:1	chr18	24143419	T|A	1	CABYR	NM_138643	26256	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4301	None
chr18:24143419:T/A:1	chr18	24143419	T|A	1	CABYR	NM_153768	26256	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	160	None
chr18:24143419:T/A:1	chr18	24143419	T|A	1	CABYR	NM_012189	26256	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6	None
chr18:24143419:T/A:1	chr18	24143419	T|A	1	CABYR	NM_138644	26256	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6	None
chr18:24143419:T/A:1	chr18	24143419	T|A	1	CABYR	NM_153769	26256	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6	None
chr18:24143419:T/A:1	chr18	24143419	T|A	1	CABYR	NM_153770	26256	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6	None
chr18:26039196:G/A:1	chr18	26039196	G|A	1	SS18	NM_001007559	6760	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr18:26039196:G/A:1	chr18	26039196	G|A	1	SS18	NM_001308201	6760	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr18:26039196:G/A:1	chr18	26039196	G|A	1	SS18	NM_005637	6760	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr18:61844221:A/G:1	chr18	61844221	A|G	1	RNF152	NM_173557	220441	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	27623	None
chr18:61844223:G/A:1	chr18	61844223	G|A	1	RNF152	NM_173557	220441	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	27625	None
chr19:804704:T/A:1	chr19	804704	T|A	1	MIR4745	NR_039900	100616459	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:804704:T/A:1	chr19	804704	T|A	1	PTBP1	NM_002819	5725	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	2	None
chr19:804704:T/A:1	chr19	804704	T|A	1	PTBP1	NM_031990	5725	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	2	None
chr19:804704:T/A:1	chr19	804704	T|A	1	PTBP1	NM_031991	5725	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	2	None
chr19:2185764:G/A:1	chr19	2185764	G|A	1	DOT1L	NM_032482	84444	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr19:2852284:A/C:1	chr19	2852284	A|C	1	ZNF555	NM_152791	148254	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	96	None
chr19:2852284:A/C:1	chr19	2852284	A|C	1	ZNF555	NM_001172775	148254	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	99	None
chr19:3643094:C/A:1	chr19	3643094	C|A	1	PIP5K1C	NM_001195733	23396	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	149	None
chr19:3643094:C/A:1	chr19	3643094	C|A	1	PIP5K1C	NM_001300849	23396	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	149	None
chr19:3643094:C/A:1	chr19	3643094	C|A	1	PIP5K1C	NM_012398	23396	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	149	None
chr19:4511896:C/T:1	chr19	4511896	C|T	1	PLIN4	NM_001367868	729359	coding	2183	2064	688	T>T	syn	None	MSAPDEGRRDPPKPKGKTLGSFFGSLPGFSSARNLVANAHSSARARPAADPTGAPAAEAAQPQAQVAAHPEQTAPWTEKELQPSEKMVSGAKDLVCSKMSRAKDAVSSGVASVVDVAKGVVQGGLDTTRSALTGTKEVVSSGVTGAMDMAKGAVQGGLDTSKAVLTGTKDTVSTGLTGAVNVAKGTVQAGVDTTKTVLTGTKDTVTTGVMGAVNLAKGTVQTGVETSKAVLTGTKDAVSTGLTGAVNVARGSIQTGVDTSKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAMNVAKGTIQTGVDTSKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAMNVAKGTIQTGVDTSKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAMNVAKGTIQTGVDTTKTVLTGTKNTVCSGVTGAVNLAKEAIQGGLDTTKSMVMGTKDTMSTGLTGAANVAKGAMQTGLNTTQNIATGTKDTVCSGVTGAMNLARGTIQTGVDTTKIVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAANVAKGAVQGGLDTTKSVLTGTKDAVSTGLTGAVNVAKGTVQTGVDTTKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTSAVNVAKGAVQGGLDTTKSVVIGTKDTMSTGLTGAANVAKGAVQTGVDTAKTVLTGTKDTVTTGLVGAVNVAKGTVQTGMDTTKTVLTGTKDTIYSGVTSAVNVAKGAVQTGLKTTQNIATGTKNTFGSGVTSAVNVAKGAAQTGVDTAKTVLTGTKDTVTTGLMGAVNVAKGTVQTSVDTTKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAANVAKGAIQGGLDTTKSVLTGTKDAVSTGLTGAVKLAKGTVQTGMDTTKTVLTGTKDAVCSGVTGAANVAKGAVQMGVDTAKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAANVAKGAVQTGLKTTQNIATGTKNTLGSGVTGAAKVAKGAVQGGLDTTKSVLTGTKDAVSTGLTGAVNLAKGTVQTGVDTSKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAVNVAKGTVQTGVDTAKTVLSGAKDAVTTGVTGAVNVAKGTVQTGVDASKAVLMGTKDTVFSGVTGAMSMAKGAVQGGLDTTKTVLTGTKDAVSAGLMGSGNVATGATHTGLSTFQNWLPSTPATSWGGLTSSRTTDNGGEQTALSPQEAPFSGISTPPDVLSVGPEPAWEAAATTKGLATDVATFTQGAAPGREDTGLLATTHGPEEAPRLAMLQNELEGLGDIFHPMNAEEQAQLAASQPGPKVLSAEQGSYFVRLGDLGPSFRQRAFEHAVSHLQHGQFQARDTLAQLQDCFRLIEKAQQAPEGQPRLDQGSGASAEDAAVQEERDAGVLSRVCGLLRQLHTAYSGLVSSLQGLPAELQQPVGRARHSLCELYGIVASAGSVEELPAERLVQSREGVHQAWQGLEQLLEGLQHNPPLSWLVGPFALPAGGQ*
chr19:4512657:T/C:1	chr19	4512657	T|C	1	PLIN4	NM_001367868	729359	coding	1422	1303	435	T>A	nonsyn	None	MSAPDEGRRDPPKPKGKTLGSFFGSLPGFSSARNLVANAHSSARARPAADPTGAPAAEAAQPQAQVAAHPEQTAPWTEKELQPSEKMVSGAKDLVCSKMSRAKDAVSSGVASVVDVAKGVVQGGLDTTRSALTGTKEVVSSGVTGAMDMAKGAVQGGLDTSKAVLTGTKDTVSTGLTGAVNVAKGTVQAGVDTTKTVLTGTKDTVTTGVMGAVNLAKGTVQTGVETSKAVLTGTKDAVSTGLTGAVNVARGSIQTGVDTSKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAMNVAKGTIQTGVDTSKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAMNVAKGTIQTGVDTSKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAMNVAKGTIQTGVDTTKTVLTGTKNTVCSGVTGAVNLAKEAIQGGLDTTKSMVMGTKDTMSTGLTGAANVAKGAMQTGLNTTQNIATGTKDTVCSGVTGAMNLARGTIQTGVDTTKIVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAANVAKGAVQGGLDTTKSVLTGTKDAVSTGLTGAVNVAKGTVQTGVDTTKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTSAVNVAKGAVQGGLDTTKSVVIGTKDTMSTGLTGAANVAKGAVQTGVDTAKTVLTGTKDTVTTGLVGAVNVAKGTVQTGMDTTKTVLTGTKDTIYSGVTSAVNVAKGAVQTGLKTTQNIATGTKNTFGSGVTSAVNVAKGAAQTGVDTAKTVLTGTKDTVTTGLMGAVNVAKGTVQTSVDTTKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAANVAKGAIQGGLDTTKSVLTGTKDAVSTGLTGAVKLAKGTVQTGMDTTKTVLTGTKDAVCSGVTGAANVAKGAVQMGVDTAKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAANVAKGAVQTGLKTTQNIATGTKNTLGSGVTGAAKVAKGAVQGGLDTTKSVLTGTKDAVSTGLTGAVNLAKGTVQTGVDTSKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAVNVAKGTVQTGVDTAKTVLSGAKDAVTTGVTGAVNVAKGTVQTGVDASKAVLMGTKDTVFSGVTGAMSMAKGAVQGGLDTTKTVLTGTKDAVSAGLMGSGNVATGATHTGLSTFQNWLPSTPATSWGGLTSSRTTDNGGEQTALSPQEAPFSGISTPPDVLSVGPEPAWEAAATTKGLATDVATFTQGAAPGREDTGLLATTHGPEEAPRLAMLQNELEGLGDIFHPMNAEEQAQLAASQPGPKVLSAEQGSYFVRLGDLGPSFRQRAFEHAVSHLQHGQFQARDTLAQLQDCFRLIEKAQQAPEGQPRLDQGSGASAEDAAVQEERDAGVLSRVCGLLRQLHTAYSGLVSSLQGLPAELQQPVGRARHSLCELYGIVASAGSVEELPAERLVQSREGVHQAWQGLEQLLEGLQHNPPLSWLVGPFALPAGGQ*|MSAPDEGRRDPPKPKGKTLGSFFGSLPGFSSARNLVANAHSSARARPAADPTGAPAAEAAQPQAQVAAHPEQTAPWTEKELQPSEKMVSGAKDLVCSKMSRAKDAVSSGVASVVDVAKGVVQGGLDTTRSALTGTKEVVSSGVTGAMDMAKGAVQGGLDTSKAVLTGTKDTVSTGLTGAVNVAKGTVQAGVDTTKTVLTGTKDTVTTGVMGAVNLAKGTVQTGVETSKAVLTGTKDAVSTGLTGAVNVARGSIQTGVDTSKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAMNVAKGTIQTGVDTSKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAMNVAKGTIQTGVDTSKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAMNVAKGTIQTGVDTTKTVLTGTKNTVCSGVTGAVNLAKEAIQGGLDTTKSMVMGTKDTMSTGLTGAANVAKGAMQTGLNTTQNIATGTKDAVCSGVTGAMNLARGTIQTGVDTTKIVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAANVAKGAVQGGLDTTKSVLTGTKDAVSTGLTGAVNVAKGTVQTGVDTTKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTSAVNVAKGAVQGGLDTTKSVVIGTKDTMSTGLTGAANVAKGAVQTGVDTAKTVLTGTKDTVTTGLVGAVNVAKGTVQTGMDTTKTVLTGTKDTIYSGVTSAVNVAKGAVQTGLKTTQNIATGTKNTFGSGVTSAVNVAKGAAQTGVDTAKTVLTGTKDTVTTGLMGAVNVAKGTVQTSVDTTKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAANVAKGAIQGGLDTTKSVLTGTKDAVSTGLTGAVKLAKGTVQTGMDTTKTVLTGTKDAVCSGVTGAANVAKGAVQMGVDTAKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAANVAKGAVQTGLKTTQNIATGTKNTLGSGVTGAAKVAKGAVQGGLDTTKSVLTGTKDAVSTGLTGAVNLAKGTVQTGVDTSKTVLTGTKDTVCSGVTGAVNVAKGTVQTGVDTAKTVLSGAKDAVTTGVTGAVNVAKGTVQTGVDASKAVLMGTKDTVFSGVTGAMSMAKGAVQGGLDTTKTVLTGTKDAVSAGLMGSGNVATGATHTGLSTFQNWLPSTPATSWGGLTSSRTTDNGGEQTALSPQEAPFSGISTPPDVLSVGPEPAWEAAATTKGLATDVATFTQGAAPGREDTGLLATTHGPEEAPRLAMLQNELEGLGDIFHPMNAEEQAQLAASQPGPKVLSAEQGSYFVRLGDLGPSFRQRAFEHAVSHLQHGQFQARDTLAQLQDCFRLIEKAQQAPEGQPRLDQGSGASAEDAAVQEERDAGVLSRVCGLLRQLHTAYSGLVSSLQGLPAELQQPVGRARHSLCELYGIVASAGSVEELPAERLVQSREGVHQAWQGLEQLLEGLQHNPPLSWLVGPFALPAGGQ*
chr19:5908917:G/T:1	chr19	5908917	G|T	1	VMAC	NM_001017921	400673	coding	335	285	95	R>S	nonsyn	None	MSAPPALQIREANAHLAAVHRRAAELEARLDAAERTVHAQAERLALHDQQLRAALDELGRAKDREIATLQEQLMTSEATVHSLQATVHQRDELIRQLQPRAELLQDICRRRPPLAGLLDALAEAERLGPLPASDPGHPPPGGPGPPLDNSTGEEADRDHLQPAVFGTTV*|MSAPPALQIREANAHLAAVHRRAAELEARLDAAERTVHAQAERLALHDQQLRAALDELGRAKDREIATLQEQLMTSEATVHSLQATVHQRDELISQLQPRAELLQDICRRRPPLAGLLDALAEAERLGPLPASDPGHPPPGGPGPPLDNSTGEEADRDHLQPAVFGTTV*
chr19:6161586:G/A:1	chr19	6161586	G|A	1	ACSBG2	NM_001289177	81616	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	291	None
chr19:6161586:G/A:1	chr19	6161586	G|A	1	ACSBG2	NM_001289178	81616	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	291	None
chr19:6161586:G/A:1	chr19	6161586	G|A	1	ACSBG2	NM_001289179	81616	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	291	None
chr19:6161586:G/A:1	chr19	6161586	G|A	1	ACSBG2	NM_001289180	81616	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	291	None
chr19:6161586:G/A:1	chr19	6161586	G|A	1	ACSBG2	NM_001321384	81616	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	291	None
chr19:6161586:G/A:1	chr19	6161586	G|A	1	ACSBG2	NM_030924	81616	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	291	None
chr19:6380036:G/T:1	chr19	6380036	G|T	1	GTF2F1	NM_002096	2962	3utr	1968	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:6433308:C/A:1	chr19	6433308	C|A	1	SLC25A41	NM_001321298	284427	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	179	None
chr19:6433308:C/A:1	chr19	6433308	C|A	1	SLC25A41	NM_173637	284427	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	179	None
chr19:6433308:C/A:1	chr19	6433308	C|A	1	SLC25A41	NR_135612	284427	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	179	None
chr19:7699499:C/T:1	chr19	7699499	C|T	1	FCER2	NM_001220500	2208	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	240	None
chr19:7699499:C/T:1	chr19	7699499	C|T	1	FCER2	NM_002002	2208	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	240	None
chr19:7699499:C/T:1	chr19	7699499	C|T	1	FCER2	NM_001207019	2208	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:7789205:G/A:1	chr19	7789205	G|A	1	CLEC4GP1	NR_002931	440508	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr19:8141511:C/A:1	chr19	8141511	C|A	1	FBN3	NM_001321431	84467	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	206	None
chr19:8141511:C/A:1	chr19	8141511	C|A	1	FBN3	NM_032447	84467	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	206	None
chr19:9305000:G/T:1	chr19	9305000	G|T	1	ZNF699	NM_198535	374879	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	72	None
chr19:9849326:C/A:1	chr19	9849326	C|A	1	PIN1	NR_038422	5300	non-coding	810	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:9849326:C/A:1	chr19	9849326	C|A	1	PIN1	NM_006221	5300	3utr	757	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:9849326:C/A:1	chr19	9849326	C|A	1	PIN1	NR_038830	5300	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	125	None
chr19:10173083:G/A:1	chr19	10173083	G|A	1	DNMT1	NM_001130823	1786	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7	None
chr19:10173083:G/A:1	chr19	10173083	G|A	1	DNMT1	NM_001318730	1786	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7	None
chr19:10173083:G/A:1	chr19	10173083	G|A	1	DNMT1	NM_001318731	1786	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7	None
chr19:10173083:G/A:1	chr19	10173083	G|A	1	DNMT1	NM_001379	1786	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7	None
chr19:10259814:T/A:1	chr19	10259814	T|A	1	MRPL4	NM_146388	51073	3utr	2158	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:10259814:T/A:1	chr19	10259814	T|A	1	MRPL4	NM_015956	51073	3utr	1227	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:10259814:T/A:1	chr19	10259814	T|A	1	MRPL4	NM_146387	51073	3utr	1091	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:11025539:C/G:1	chr19	11025539	C|G	1	SMARCA4	NM_001128844	6597	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	31	None
chr19:11025539:C/G:1	chr19	11025539	C|G	1	SMARCA4	NM_001128845	6597	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	31	None
chr19:11025539:C/G:1	chr19	11025539	C|G	1	SMARCA4	NM_001128846	6597	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	31	None
chr19:11025539:C/G:1	chr19	11025539	C|G	1	SMARCA4	NM_001128847	6597	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	31	None
chr19:11025539:C/G:1	chr19	11025539	C|G	1	SMARCA4	NM_001128848	6597	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	31	None
chr19:11025539:C/G:1	chr19	11025539	C|G	1	SMARCA4	NM_001128849	6597	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	31	None
chr19:11025539:C/G:1	chr19	11025539	C|G	1	SMARCA4	NM_003072	6597	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	31	None
chr19:11343264:G/A:1	chr19	11343264	G|A	1	TMEM205	NM_001145416	374882	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr19:11343264:G/A:1	chr19	11343264	G|A	1	TMEM205	NM_001321112	374882	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr19:11343264:G/A:1	chr19	11343264	G|A	1	TMEM205	NM_001321113	374882	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr19:11343264:G/A:1	chr19	11343264	G|A	1	TMEM205	NM_001321114	374882	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr19:11343264:G/A:1	chr19	11343264	G|A	1	TMEM205	NM_033408	374882	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr19:11343264:G/A:1	chr19	11343264	G|A	1	TMEM205	NM_198536	374882	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr19:13965295:C/T:1	chr19	13965295	C|T	1	RFX1	NM_002918	5989	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	154	None
chr19:14071058:G/T:1	chr19	14071058	G|T	1	MISP3	NM_001291291	113230	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:14071058:G/T:1	chr19	14071058	G|T	1	MISP3	NR_111941	113230	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:14404629:C/A:1	chr19	14404629	C|A	1	ADGRE5	NM_001025160	976	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr19:14404629:C/A:1	chr19	14404629	C|A	1	ADGRE5	NM_001784	976	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr19:14404629:C/A:1	chr19	14404629	C|A	1	ADGRE5	NM_078481	976	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr19:16902781:T/C:1	chr19	16902781	T|C	1	CPAMD8	NM_015692	27151	coding	4721	4553	1518	Q>R	nonsyn	None	MSGALLWPLLPLLLLLLSARDGVRAAQPQAPGYLIAAPSVFRAGVEEVISVTIFNSPREVTVQAQLVAQGEPVVQSQGAILDKGTIKLKVPTGLRGQALLKVWGRGWQAEEGPLFHNQTSVTVDGRGASVFIQTDKPVYRPQHRVLISIFTVSPNLRPVNEKLEAYILDPRGSRMIEWRHLKPFCCGITNMSFPLSDQPVLGEWFIFVEMQGHAYNKSFEVQKYVLPKFELLIDPPRYIQDLDACETGTVRARYTFGKPVAGALMINMTVNGVGYYSHEVGRPVLRTTKILGSRDFDICVRDMIPADVPEHFRGRVSIWAMVTSVDGSQQVAFDDSTPVQRQLVDIRYSKDTRKQFKPGLAYVGKVELSYPDGSPAEGVTVQIKAELTPKDNIYTSEVVSQRGLVGFEIPSIPTSAQHVWLETKVMALNGKPVGAQYLPSYLSLGSWYSPSQCYLQLQPPSHPLQVGEEAYFSVKSTCPCNFTLYYEVAARGNIVLSGQQPAHTTQQRSKRAAPALEKPIRLTHLSETEPPPAPEAEVDVCVTSLHLAVTPSMVPLGRLLVFYVRENGEGVADSLQFAVETFFENQVSVTYSANETQPGEVVDLRIRAARGSCVCVAAVDKSVYLLRSGFRLTPAQVFQELEDYDVSDSFGVSREDGPFWWAGLTAQRRRRSSVFPWPWGITKDSGFAFTETGLVVMTDRVSLNHRQDGGLYTDEAVPAFQPHTGSLVAVAPSRHPPRTEKRKRTFFPETWIWHCLNISDPSGEGTLSVKVPDSITSWVGEAVALSTSQGLGIAEPSLLKTFKPFFVDFMLPALIIRGEQVKIPLSVYNYMGTCAEVYMKLSVPKGIQFVGHPGKRHVTKKMCVAPGEAEPIWVVLSFSDLGLNNITAKALAYGDTNCCRDGRSSKHPEENHADRRVPIGVDHVRRSVMVEAEGVPRAYTYSAFFCPSERVHISTPNKYEFQYVQRPLRLTRFDVAVRAHNDARVALSSGPQDTAGMIEIVLGGHQNTRSWISTSKMGEPVASAHTAKILSWDEFRTFWISWRGGLIQVGHGPEPSNESVIVAWTLPRPPEVQFIGFSTGWGSMGEFRIWRKMEVDESYSEAFTLGVPHGAIPGSERATASIIGDVMGPTLNHLNNLLRLPFGCGEQNMIHFAPNVFVLKYLQKTQQLSPEVERETTDYLVQGYQRQLTYKRQDGSYSAFGERDASGSMWLTAFVLKSFAQARSFIFVDPRELAAAKSWIIQQQQADGSFLAVGRVLNKDIQGGIHGTVPLTAYVVVALLETGTASEEERGSTDKARHFLESAAPLAMDPYSCALTTYALTLLRSPAAPEALRKLRSLAIMRDGVTHWSLSNSWDVDKGTFLSFSDRVSQSVVSAEVEMTAYALLTYTLLGDVAAALPVVKWLSQQRNALGGFSSTQDTCVALQALAEYAILSYAGGINLTVSLASTNLDYQETFELHRTNQKVLQTAAIPSLPTGLFVSAKGDGCCLMQIDVTYNVPDPVAKPAFQLLVSLQEPEAQGRPPPMPASAAEGSRGDWPPADDDDPAADQHHQEYKVMLEVCTRWLHAGSSNMAVLEVPLLSGFRADIESLEQLLLDKHMGMKRYEVAGRRVLFYFDEIPSRCLTCVRFRALRECVVGRTSALPVSVYDYYEPAFEATRFYNVSTHSPLARELCAGPACNEVERAPARGPGWFPGESGPAVAPEEGAAIARCGCDHDCGAQGNPVCGSDGVVYASACRLREAACRQAAPLEPAPPSCCALEQRLPASSSSTYGDDLASVAPGPLQQDVKLNGAGLEVEDSDPEPEGEAEDRVTAGPRPPVSSGNLESSTQSASPFHRWGQTPAPQRHSGRVVGAHRPGLLSPVFVYSPAFQSGGEEGLWMSNTCTLR*|MSGALLWPLLPLLLLLLSARDGVRAAQPQAPGYLIAAPSVFRAGVEEVISVTIFNSPREVTVQAQLVAQGEPVVQSQGAILDKGTIKLKVPTGLRGQALLKVWGRGWQAEEGPLFHNQTSVTVDGRGASVFIQTDKPVYRPQHRVLISIFTVSPNLRPVNEKLEAYILDPRGSRMIEWRHLKPFCCGITNMSFPLSDQPVLGEWFIFVEMQGHAYNKSFEVQKYVLPKFELLIDPPRYIQDLDACETGTVRARYTFGKPVAGALMINMTVNGVGYYSHEVGRPVLRTTKILGSRDFDICVRDMIPADVPEHFRGRVSIWAMVTSVDGSQQVAFDDSTPVQRQLVDIRYSKDTRKQFKPGLAYVGKVELSYPDGSPAEGVTVQIKAELTPKDNIYTSEVVSQRGLVGFEIPSIPTSAQHVWLETKVMALNGKPVGAQYLPSYLSLGSWYSPSQCYLQLQPPSHPLQVGEEAYFSVKSTCPCNFTLYYEVAARGNIVLSGQQPAHTTQQRSKRAAPALEKPIRLTHLSETEPPPAPEAEVDVCVTSLHLAVTPSMVPLGRLLVFYVRENGEGVADSLQFAVETFFENQVSVTYSANETQPGEVVDLRIRAARGSCVCVAAVDKSVYLLRSGFRLTPAQVFQELEDYDVSDSFGVSREDGPFWWAGLTAQRRRRSSVFPWPWGITKDSGFAFTETGLVVMTDRVSLNHRQDGGLYTDEAVPAFQPHTGSLVAVAPSRHPPRTEKRKRTFFPETWIWHCLNISDPSGEGTLSVKVPDSITSWVGEAVALSTSQGLGIAEPSLLKTFKPFFVDFMLPALIIRGEQVKIPLSVYNYMGTCAEVYMKLSVPKGIQFVGHPGKRHVTKKMCVAPGEAEPIWVVLSFSDLGLNNITAKALAYGDTNCCRDGRSSKHPEENHADRRVPIGVDHVRRSVMVEAEGVPRAYTYSAFFCPSERVHISTPNKYEFQYVQRPLRLTRFDVAVRAHNDARVALSSGPQDTAGMIEIVLGGHQNTRSWISTSKMGEPVASAHTAKILSWDEFRTFWISWRGGLIQVGHGPEPSNESVIVAWTLPRPPEVQFIGFSTGWGSMGEFRIWRKMEVDESYSEAFTLGVPHGAIPGSERATASIIGDVMGPTLNHLNNLLRLPFGCGEQNMIHFAPNVFVLKYLQKTQQLSPEVERETTDYLVQGYQRQLTYKRQDGSYSAFGERDASGSMWLTAFVLKSFAQARSFIFVDPRELAAAKSWIIQQQQADGSFLAVGRVLNKDIQGGIHGTVPLTAYVVVALLETGTASEEERGSTDKARHFLESAAPLAMDPYSCALTTYALTLLRSPAAPEALRKLRSLAIMRDGVTHWSLSNSWDVDKGTFLSFSDRVSQSVVSAEVEMTAYALLTYTLLGDVAAALPVVKWLSQQRNALGGFSSTQDTCVALQALAEYAILSYAGGINLTVSLASTNLDYQETFELHRTNQKVLQTAAIPSLPTGLFVSAKGDGCCLMQIDVTYNVPDPVAKPAFQLLVSLQEPEARGRPPPMPASAAEGSRGDWPPADDDDPAADQHHQEYKVMLEVCTRWLHAGSSNMAVLEVPLLSGFRADIESLEQLLLDKHMGMKRYEVAGRRVLFYFDEIPSRCLTCVRFRALRECVVGRTSALPVSVYDYYEPAFEATRFYNVSTHSPLARELCAGPACNEVERAPARGPGWFPGESGPAVAPEEGAAIARCGCDHDCGAQGNPVCGSDGVVYASACRLREAACRQAAPLEPAPPSCCALEQRLPASSSSTYGDDLASVAPGPLQQDVKLNGAGLEVEDSDPEPEGEAEDRVTAGPRPPVSSGNLESSTQSASPFHRWGQTPAPQRHSGRVVGAHRPGLLSPVFVYSPAFQSGGEEGLWMSNTCTLR*
chr19:17360926:T/C:1	chr19	17360926	T|C	1	PLVAP	NM_031310	83483	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	94	None
chr19:17487596:C/T:1	chr19	17487596	C|T	1	LOC100507551	NR_147835	100507551	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:17487596:C/T:1	chr19	17487596	C|T	1	SLC27A1	NM_198580	376497	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr19:17774499:G/A:1	chr19	17774499	G|A	1	FCHO1	NM_001161357	23149	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr19:17774499:G/A:1	chr19	17774499	G|A	1	FCHO1	NM_001161358	23149	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr19:17774499:G/A:1	chr19	17774499	G|A	1	FCHO1	NM_001161359	23149	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr19:17774499:G/A:1	chr19	17774499	G|A	1	FCHO1	NM_015122	23149	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr19:17787746:T/C:1	chr19	17787746	T|C	1	FCHO1	NM_001161357	23149	coding	2826	2547	849	A>A	syn	None	MSYFGEHFWGEKNHGFEVLYHSVKQGPISTKELADFIRERATIEETYSKAMAKLSKLASNGTPMGTFAPLWEVFRVSSDKLALCHLELTRKLQDLIKDVLRYGEEQLKTHKKCKEEVVSTLDAVQVLSGVSQLLPKSRENYLNRCMDQERLRRESTSQKEMDKAETKTKKAAESLRRSVEKYNSARADFEQKMLDSALRFQAMEETHLRHMKALLGSYAHSVEDTHVQIGQVHEEFKQNIENVSVEMLLRKFAESKGTGREKPGPLDFEAYSAAALQEAMKRLRGAKAFRLPGLSRREREPEPPAAVDFLEPDSGTCPEVDEEGFTVRPDVTQNSTAEPSRFSSSDSDFDDEEPRKFYVHIKPAPARAPACSPEAAAAQLRATAGSLILPPGPGGTMKRHSSRDAAGKPQRPRSAPRTSSCAERLQSEEQVSKNLFGPPLESAFDHEDFTGSSSLGFTSSPSPFSSSSPENVEDSGLDSPSHAAPGPSPDSWVPRPGTPQSPPSCRAPPPEARGIRAPPLPDSPQPLASSPGPWGLEALAGGDLMPAPADPTAREGLAAPPRRLRSRKVSCPLTRSNGDLSRSLSPSPLGSSAASTALERPSFLSQTGHGVSRGPSPVVLGSQDALPIATAFTEYVHAYFRGHSPSCLARVTGELTMTFPAGIVRVFSGTPPPPVLSFRLVHTTAIEHFQPNADLLFSDPSQSDPETKDFWLNMAALTEALQRQAEQNPTASYYNVVLLRYQFSRPGPQSVPLQLSAHWQCGATLTQVSVEYGYRPGATAVPTPLTNVQILLPVGEPVTNVRLQPAATWNLEEKRLTWRLPDVSEAGGSGRLSASWEPLSGPSTPSPVAAQFTSEGTTLSGVDLELVGSGYRMSLVKRRFATAAPPQGCTW*
chr19:17787746:T/C:1	chr19	17787746	T|C	1	FCHO1	NM_001161358	23149	coding	2736	2547	849	A>A	syn	None	MSYFGEHFWGEKNHGFEVLYHSVKQGPISTKELADFIRERATIEETYSKAMAKLSKLASNGTPMGTFAPLWEVFRVSSDKLALCHLELTRKLQDLIKDVLRYGEEQLKTHKKCKEEVVSTLDAVQVLSGVSQLLPKSRENYLNRCMDQERLRRESTSQKEMDKAETKTKKAAESLRRSVEKYNSARADFEQKMLDSALRFQAMEETHLRHMKALLGSYAHSVEDTHVQIGQVHEEFKQNIENVSVEMLLRKFAESKGTGREKPGPLDFEAYSAAALQEAMKRLRGAKAFRLPGLSRREREPEPPAAVDFLEPDSGTCPEVDEEGFTVRPDVTQNSTAEPSRFSSSDSDFDDEEPRKFYVHIKPAPARAPACSPEAAAAQLRATAGSLILPPGPGGTMKRHSSRDAAGKPQRPRSAPRTSSCAERLQSEEQVSKNLFGPPLESAFDHEDFTGSSSLGFTSSPSPFSSSSPENVEDSGLDSPSHAAPGPSPDSWVPRPGTPQSPPSCRAPPPEARGIRAPPLPDSPQPLASSPGPWGLEALAGGDLMPAPADPTAREGLAAPPRRLRSRKVSCPLTRSNGDLSRSLSPSPLGSSAASTALERPSFLSQTGHGVSRGPSPVVLGSQDALPIATAFTEYVHAYFRGHSPSCLARVTGELTMTFPAGIVRVFSGTPPPPVLSFRLVHTTAIEHFQPNADLLFSDPSQSDPETKDFWLNMAALTEALQRQAEQNPTASYYNVVLLRYQFSRPGPQSVPLQLSAHWQCGATLTQVSVEYGYRPGATAVPTPLTNVQILLPVGEPVTNVRLQPAATWNLEEKRLTWRLPDVSEAGGSGRLSASWEPLSGPSTPSPVAAQFTSEGTTLSGVDLELVGSGYRMSLVKRRFATGMYLVSC*
chr19:17787746:T/C:1	chr19	17787746	T|C	1	FCHO1	NM_001161359	23149	coding	2666	2397	799	A>A	syn	None	MAKLSKLASNGTPMGTFAPLWEVFRVSSDKLALCHLELTRKLQDLIKDVLRYGEEQLKTHKKCKEEVVSTLDAVQVLSGVSQLLPKSRENYLNRCMDQERLRRESTSQKEMDKAETKTKKAAESLRRSVEKYNSARADFEQKMLDSALRFQAMEETHLRHMKALLGSYAHSVEDTHVQIGQVHEEFKQNIENVSVEMLLRKFAESKGTGREKPGPLDFEAYSAAALQEAMKRLRGAKAFRLPGLSRREREPEPPAAVDFLEPDSGTCPEVDEEGFTVRPDVTQNSTAEPSRFSSSDSDFDDEEPRKFYVHIKPAPARAPACSPEAAAAQLRATAGSLILPPGPGGTMKRHSSRDAAGKPQRPRSAPRTSSCAERLQSEEQVSKNLFGPPLESAFDHEDFTGSSSLGFTSSPSPFSSSSPENVEDSGLDSPSHAAPGPSPDSWVPRPGTPQSPPSCRAPPPEARGIRAPPLPDSPQPLASSPGPWGLEALAGGDLMPAPADPTAREGLAAPPRRLRSRKVSCPLTRSNGDLSRSLSPSPLGSSAASTALERPSFLSQTGHGVSRGPSPVVLGSQDALPIATAFTEYVHAYFRGHSPSCLARVTGELTMTFPAGIVRVFSGTPPPPVLSFRLVHTTAIEHFQPNADLLFSDPSQSDPETKDFWLNMAALTEALQRQAEQNPTASYYNVVLLRYQFSRPGPQSVPLQLSAHWQCGATLTQVSVEYGYRPGATAVPTPLTNVQILLPVGEPVTNVRLQPAATWNLEEKRLTWRLPDVSEAGGSGRLSASWEPLSGPSTPSPVAAQFTSEGTTLSGVDLELVGSGYRMSLVKRRFATGMYLVSC*
chr19:17787746:T/C:1	chr19	17787746	T|C	1	FCHO1	NM_015122	23149	coding	2830	2547	849	A>A	syn	None	MSYFGEHFWGEKNHGFEVLYHSVKQGPISTKELADFIRERATIEETYSKAMAKLSKLASNGTPMGTFAPLWEVFRVSSDKLALCHLELTRKLQDLIKDVLRYGEEQLKTHKKCKEEVVSTLDAVQVLSGVSQLLPKSRENYLNRCMDQERLRRESTSQKEMDKAETKTKKAAESLRRSVEKYNSARADFEQKMLDSALRFQAMEETHLRHMKALLGSYAHSVEDTHVQIGQVHEEFKQNIENVSVEMLLRKFAESKGTGREKPGPLDFEAYSAAALQEAMKRLRGAKAFRLPGLSRREREPEPPAAVDFLEPDSGTCPEVDEEGFTVRPDVTQNSTAEPSRFSSSDSDFDDEEPRKFYVHIKPAPARAPACSPEAAAAQLRATAGSLILPPGPGGTMKRHSSRDAAGKPQRPRSAPRTSSCAERLQSEEQVSKNLFGPPLESAFDHEDFTGSSSLGFTSSPSPFSSSSPENVEDSGLDSPSHAAPGPSPDSWVPRPGTPQSPPSCRAPPPEARGIRAPPLPDSPQPLASSPGPWGLEALAGGDLMPAPADPTAREGLAAPPRRLRSRKVSCPLTRSNGDLSRSLSPSPLGSSAASTALERPSFLSQTGHGVSRGPSPVVLGSQDALPIATAFTEYVHAYFRGHSPSCLARVTGELTMTFPAGIVRVFSGTPPPPVLSFRLVHTTAIEHFQPNADLLFSDPSQSDPETKDFWLNMAALTEALQRQAEQNPTASYYNVVLLRYQFSRPGPQSVPLQLSAHWQCGATLTQVSVEYGYRPGATAVPTPLTNVQILLPVGEPVTNVRLQPAATWNLEEKRLTWRLPDVSEAGGSGRLSASWEPLSGPSTPSPVAAQFTSEGTTLSGVDLELVGSGYRMSLVKRRFATGMYLVSC*
chr19:19120731:G/T:1	chr19	19120731	G|T	1	TMEM161A	NM_001256766	54929	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	34	None
chr19:19120731:G/T:1	chr19	19120731	G|T	1	TMEM161A	NM_017814	54929	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	34	None
chr19:19269876:A/G:1	chr19	19269876	A|G	1	TM6SF2	NM_001001524	53345	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	107	None
chr19:20805673:T/G:1	chr19	20805673	T|G	1	ZNF66	NM_001355197	7617	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	154	None
chr19:22599393:G/T:1	chr19	22599393	G|T	1	GOLGA2P9	NR_033899	440518	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	36	None
chr19:22607502:G/T:1	chr19	22607502	G|T	1	LOC100996349	NR_103470	100996349	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:30443478:G/C:1	chr19	30443478	G|C	1	ZNF536	NM_001352260	9745	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	83	None
chr19:30443478:G/C:1	chr19	30443478	G|C	1	ZNF536	NM_014717	9745	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	83	None
chr19:34348093:C/T:1	chr19	34348093	C|T	1	KIAA0355	NM_014686	9710	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	51	None
chr19:35033920:T/C:1	chr19	35033920	T|C	1	SCN1B	NM_199037	6324	coding	762	629	210	L>P	nonsyn	None	MGRLLALVVGAALVSSACGGCVEVDSETEAVYGMTFKILCISCKRRSETNAETFTEWTFRQKGTEEFVKILRYENEVLQLEEDERFEGRVVWNGSRGTKDLQDLSIFITNVTYNHSGDYECHVYRLLFFENYEHNTSVVKKIHIEVVDKGESGAACPFTVTHRRARWRDRWQAVDRTGWLCAWPANRPQQRAEGEGSSPSCPLQLWPLFLSSPRRGQSMPVPHRRSGYRTQLCHLCCMTSGRCLLSLSQRVVLGLPGIIIRCVSRGVV*|MGRLLALVVGAALVSSACGGCVEVDSETEAVYGMTFKILCISCKRRSETNAETFTEWTFRQKGTEEFVKILRYENEVLQLEEDERFEGRVVWNGSRGTKDLQDLSIFITNVTYNHSGDYECHVYRLLFFENYEHNTSVVKKIHIEVVDKGESGAACPFTVTHRRARWRDRWQAVDRTGWLCAWPANRPQQRAEGEGSSPSCPLQLWPLFPSSPRRGQSMPVPHRRSGYRTQLCHLCCMTSGRCLLSLSQRVVLGLPGIIIRCVSRGVV*
chr19:35033920:T/C:1	chr19	35033920	T|C	1	SCN1B	NM_001037	6324	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr19:35033920:T/C:1	chr19	35033920	T|C	1	SCN1B	NM_001321605	6324	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr19:35270616:A/G:1	chr19	35270616	A|G	1	USF2	NM_001321150	7392	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr19:35270616:A/G:1	chr19	35270616	A|G	1	USF2	NM_003367	7392	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19	None
chr19:35270616:A/G:1	chr19	35270616	A|G	1	USF2	NM_207291	7392	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19	None
chr19:35731956:C/T:1	chr19	35731956	C|T	1	KMT2B	NM_014727	9757	coding	5486	5486	1829	P>L	nonsyn	None	MAAAAGGGSCPGPGSARGRFPGRPRGAGGGGGRGGRGNGAERVRVALRRGGGATGPGGAEPGEDTALLRLLGLRRGLRRLRRLWAGPRVQRGRGRGRGRGWGPSRGCVPEEESSDGESDEEEFQGFHSDEDVAPSSLRSALRSQRGRAPRGRGRKHKTTPLPPPRLADVAPTPPKTPARKRGEEGTERMVQALTELLRRAQAPQAPRSRACEPSTPRRSRGRPPGRPAGPCRRKQQAVVVAEAAVTIPKPEPPPPVVPVKHQTGSWKCKEGPGPGPGTPRRGGQSSRGGRGGRGRGRGGGLPFVIKFVSRAKKVKMGQLSLGLESGQGQGQHEESWQDVPQRRVGSGQGGSPCWKKQEQKLDDEEEEKKEEEEKDKEGEEKEERAVAEEMMPAAEKEEAKLPPPPLTPPAPSPPPPLPPPSTSPPPPLCPPPPPPVSPPPLPSPPPPPAQEEQEESPPPVVPATCSRKRGRPPLTPSQRAEREAARAGPEGTSPPTPTPSTATGGPPEDSPTVAPKSTTFLKNIRQFIMPVVSARSSRVIKTPRRFMDEDPPKPPKVEVSPVLRPPITTSPPVPQEPAPVPSPPRAPTPPSTPVPLPEKRRSILREPTFRWTSLTRELPPPPPAPPPPPAPSPPPAPATSSRRPLLLRAPQFTPSEAHLKIYESVLTPPPLGAPEAPEPEPPPADDSPAEPEPRAVGRTNHLSLPRFAPVVTTPVKAEVSPHGAPALSNGPQTQAQLLQPLQALQTQLLPQALPPPQPQLQPPPSPQQMPPLEKARIAGVGSLPLSGVEEKMFSLLKRAKVQLFKIDQQQQQKVAASMPLSPGGQMEEVAGAVKQISDRGPVRSEDESVEAKRERPSGPESPVQGPRIKHVCRHAAVALGQARAMVPEDVPRLSALPLRDRQDLATEDTSSASETESVPSRSRRGKVEAAGPGGESEPTGSGGTLAHTPRRSLPSHHGKKMRMARCGHCRGCLRVQDCGSCVNCLDKPKFGGPNTKKQCCVYRKCDKIEARKMERLAKKGRTIVKTLLPWDSDESPEASPGPPGPRRGAGAGGPREEVVAHPGPEEQDSLLQRKSARRCVKQRPSYDIFEDSDDSEPGGPPAPRRRTPRENELPLPEPEEQSRPRKPTLQPVLQLKARRRLDKDALAPGPFASFPNGWTGKQKSPDGVHRVRVDFKEDCDLENVWLMGGLSVLTSVPGGPPMVCLLCASKGLHELVFCQVCCDPFHPFCLEEAERPLPQHHDTWCCRRCKFCHVCGRKGRGSKHLLECERCRHAYHPACLGPSYPTRATRKRRHWICSACVRCKSCGATPGKNWDVEWSGDYSLCPRCTQLYEKGNYCPICTRCYEDNDYESKMMQCAQCDHWVHAKCEGLSDEDYEILSGLPDSVLYTCGPCAGAAQPRWREALSGALQGGLRQVLQGLLSSKVVGPLLLCTQCGPDGKQLHPGPCGLQAVSQRFEDGHYKSVHSFMEDMVGILMRHSEEGETPDRRAGGQMKGLLLKLLESAFGWFDAHDPKYWRRSTRLPNGVLPNAVLPPSLDHVYAQWRQQEPETPESGQPPGDPSAAFQGKDPAAFSHLEDPRQCALCLKYGDADSKEAGRLLYIGQNEWTHVNCAIWSAEVFEENDGSLKNVHAAVARGRQMRCELCLKPGATVGCCLSSCLSNFHFMCARASYCIFQDDKKVFCQKHTDLLDGKEIVNPDGFDVLRRVYVDFEGINFKRKFLTGLEPDAINVLIGSIRIDSLGTLSDLSDCEGRLFPIGYQCSRLYWSTVDARRRCWYRCRILEYRPWGPREEPAHLEAAEENQTIVHSPAPSSEPPGGEDPPLDTDVLVPGAPERHSPIQNLDPPLRPDSGSAPPPAPRSFSGARIKVPNYSPSRRPLGGVSFGPLPSPGSPSSLTHHIPTVGDPDFPAPPRRSRRPSPLAPRPPPSRWASPPLKTSPQLRVPPPTSVVTALTPTSGELAPPGPAPSPPPPEDLGPDFEDMEVVSGLSAADLDFAASLLGTEPFQEEIVAAGAMGSSHGGPGDSSEEESSPTSRYIHFPVTVVSAPGLAPSATPGAPRIEQLDGVDDGTDSEAEAVQQPRGQGTPPSGPGVVRAGVLGAAGDRARPPEDLPSEIVDFVLKNLGGPGDGGAGPREESLPPAPPLANGSQPSQGLTASPADPTRTFAWLPGAPGVRVLSLGPAPEPPKPATSKIILVNKLGQVFVKMAGEGEPVPPPVKQPPLPPTISPTAPTSWTLPPGPLLGVLPVVGVVRPAPPPPPPPLTLVLSSGPASPPRQAIRVKRVSTFSGRSPPAPPPYKAPRLDEDGEASEDTPQVPGLGSGGFSRVRMKTPTVRGVLDLDRPGEPAGEESPGPLQERSPLLPLPEDGPPQVPDGPPDLLLESQWHHYSGEASSSEEEPPSPDDKENQAPKRTGPHLRFEISSEDGFSVEAESLEGAWRTLIEKVQEARGHARLRHLSFSGMSGARLLGIHHDAVIFLAEQLPGAQRCQHYKFRYHQQGEGQEEPPLNPHGAARAEVYLRKCTFDMFNFLASQHRVLPEGATCDEEEDEVQLRSTRRATSLELPMAMRFRHLKKTSKEAVGVYRSAIHGRGLFCKRNIDAGEMVIEYSGIVIRSVLTDKREKFYDGKGIGCYMFRMDDFDVVDATMHGNAARFINHSCEPNCFSRVIHVEGQKHIVIFALRRILRGEELTYDYKFPIEDASNKLPCNCGAKRCRRFLN*|MAAAAGGGSCPGPGSARGRFPGRPRGAGGGGGRGGRGNGAERVRVALRRGGGATGPGGAEPGEDTALLRLLGLRRGLRRLRRLWAGPRVQRGRGRGRGRGWGPSRGCVPEEESSDGESDEEEFQGFHSDEDVAPSSLRSALRSQRGRAPRGRGRKHKTTPLPPPRLADVAPTPPKTPARKRGEEGTERMVQALTELLRRAQAPQAPRSRACEPSTPRRSRGRPPGRPAGPCRRKQQAVVVAEAAVTIPKPEPPPPVVPVKHQTGSWKCKEGPGPGPGTPRRGGQSSRGGRGGRGRGRGGGLPFVIKFVSRAKKVKMGQLSLGLESGQGQGQHEESWQDVPQRRVGSGQGGSPCWKKQEQKLDDEEEEKKEEEEKDKEGEEKEERAVAEEMMPAAEKEEAKLPPPPLTPPAPSPPPPLPPPSTSPPPPLCPPPPPPVSPPPLPSPPPPPAQEEQEESPPPVVPATCSRKRGRPPLTPSQRAEREAARAGPEGTSPPTPTPSTATGGPPEDSPTVAPKSTTFLKNIRQFIMPVVSARSSRVIKTPRRFMDEDPPKPPKVEVSPVLRPPITTSPPVPQEPAPVPSPPRAPTPPSTPVPLPEKRRSILREPTFRWTSLTRELPPPPPAPPPPPAPSPPPAPATSSRRPLLLRAPQFTPSEAHLKIYESVLTPPPLGAPEAPEPEPPPADDSPAEPEPRAVGRTNHLSLPRFAPVVTTPVKAEVSPHGAPALSNGPQTQAQLLQPLQALQTQLLPQALPPPQPQLQPPPSPQQMPPLEKARIAGVGSLPLSGVEEKMFSLLKRAKVQLFKIDQQQQQKVAASMPLSPGGQMEEVAGAVKQISDRGPVRSEDESVEAKRERPSGPESPVQGPRIKHVCRHAAVALGQARAMVPEDVPRLSALPLRDRQDLATEDTSSASETESVPSRSRRGKVEAAGPGGESEPTGSGGTLAHTPRRSLPSHHGKKMRMARCGHCRGCLRVQDCGSCVNCLDKPKFGGPNTKKQCCVYRKCDKIEARKMERLAKKGRTIVKTLLPWDSDESPEASPGPPGPRRGAGAGGPREEVVAHPGPEEQDSLLQRKSARRCVKQRPSYDIFEDSDDSEPGGPPAPRRRTPRENELPLPEPEEQSRPRKPTLQPVLQLKARRRLDKDALAPGPFASFPNGWTGKQKSPDGVHRVRVDFKEDCDLENVWLMGGLSVLTSVPGGPPMVCLLCASKGLHELVFCQVCCDPFHPFCLEEAERPLPQHHDTWCCRRCKFCHVCGRKGRGSKHLLECERCRHAYHPACLGPSYPTRATRKRRHWICSACVRCKSCGATPGKNWDVEWSGDYSLCPRCTQLYEKGNYCPICTRCYEDNDYESKMMQCAQCDHWVHAKCEGLSDEDYEILSGLPDSVLYTCGPCAGAAQPRWREALSGALQGGLRQVLQGLLSSKVVGPLLLCTQCGPDGKQLHPGPCGLQAVSQRFEDGHYKSVHSFMEDMVGILMRHSEEGETPDRRAGGQMKGLLLKLLESAFGWFDAHDPKYWRRSTRLPNGVLPNAVLPPSLDHVYAQWRQQEPETPESGQPPGDPSAAFQGKDPAAFSHLEDPRQCALCLKYGDADSKEAGRLLYIGQNEWTHVNCAIWSAEVFEENDGSLKNVHAAVARGRQMRCELCLKPGATVGCCLSSCLSNFHFMCARASYCIFQDDKKVFCQKHTDLLDGKEIVNPDGFDVLRRVYVDFEGINFKRKFLTGLEPDAINVLIGSIRIDSLGTLSDLSDCEGRLFPIGYQCSRLYWSTVDARRRCWYRCRILEYRPWGPREEPAHLEAAEENQTIVHSPAPSSEPPGGEDPPLDTDVLVLGAPERHSPIQNLDPPLRPDSGSAPPPAPRSFSGARIKVPNYSPSRRPLGGVSFGPLPSPGSPSSLTHHIPTVGDPDFPAPPRRSRRPSPLAPRPPPSRWASPPLKTSPQLRVPPPTSVVTALTPTSGELAPPGPAPSPPPPEDLGPDFEDMEVVSGLSAADLDFAASLLGTEPFQEEIVAAGAMGSSHGGPGDSSEEESSPTSRYIHFPVTVVSAPGLAPSATPGAPRIEQLDGVDDGTDSEAEAVQQPRGQGTPPSGPGVVRAGVLGAAGDRARPPEDLPSEIVDFVLKNLGGPGDGGAGPREESLPPAPPLANGSQPSQGLTASPADPTRTFAWLPGAPGVRVLSLGPAPEPPKPATSKIILVNKLGQVFVKMAGEGEPVPPPVKQPPLPPTISPTAPTSWTLPPGPLLGVLPVVGVVRPAPPPPPPPLTLVLSSGPASPPRQAIRVKRVSTFSGRSPPAPPPYKAPRLDEDGEASEDTPQVPGLGSGGFSRVRMKTPTVRGVLDLDRPGEPAGEESPGPLQERSPLLPLPEDGPPQVPDGPPDLLLESQWHHYSGEASSSEEEPPSPDDKENQAPKRTGPHLRFEISSEDGFSVEAESLEGAWRTLIEKVQEARGHARLRHLSFSGMSGARLLGIHHDAVIFLAEQLPGAQRCQHYKFRYHQQGEGQEEPPLNPHGAARAEVYLRKCTFDMFNFLASQHRVLPEGATCDEEEDEVQLRSTRRATSLELPMAMRFRHLKKTSKEAVGVYRSAIHGRGLFCKRNIDAGEMVIEYSGIVIRSVLTDKREKFYDGKGIGCYMFRMDDFDVVDATMHGNAARFINHSCEPNCFSRVIHVEGQKHIVIFALRRILRGEELTYDYKFPIEDASNKLPCNCGAKRCRRFLN*
chr19:35849297:C/T:1	chr19	35849297	C|T	1	NPHS1	NM_004646	4868	coding	935	779	260	S>N	nonsyn	None	MALGTTLRASLLLLGLLTEGLAQLAIPASVPRGFWALPENLTVVEGASVELRCGVSTPGSAVQWAKDGLLLGPDPRIPGFPRYRLEGDPARGEFHLHIEACDLSDDAEYECQVGRSEMGPELVSPRVILSILVPPKLLLLTPEAGTMVTWVAGQEYVVNCVSGDAKPAPDITILLSGQTISDISANVNEGSQQKLFTVEATARVTPRSSDNRQLLVCEASSPALEAPIKASFTVNVLFPPGPPVIEWPGLDEGHVRAGQSLELPCVARGGNPLATLQWLKNGQPVSTAWGTEHTQAVARSVLVMTVRPEDHGAQLSCEAHNSVSAGTQEHGITLQVTFPPSAIIILGSASQTENKNVTLSCVSKSSRPRVLLRWWLGWRQLLPMEETVMDGLHGGHISMSNLTFLARREDNGLTLTCEAFSEAFTKETFKKSLILNVKYPAQKLWIEGPPEGQKLRAGTRVRLVCLAIGGNPEPSLMWYKDSRTVTESRLPQESRRVHLGSVEKSGSTFSRELVLVTGPSDNQAKFTCKAGQLSASTQLAVQFPPTNVTILANASALRPGDALNLTCVSVSSNPPVNLSWDKEGERLEGVAAPPRRAPFKGSAAARSVLLQVSSRDHGQRVTCRAHSAELRETVSSFYRLNVLYRPEFLGEQVLVVTAVEQGEALLPVSVSANPAPEAFNWTFRGYRLSPAGGPRHRILSSGALHLWNVTRADDGLYQLHCQNSEGTAEARLRLDVHYAPTIRALQDPTEVNVGGSVDIVCTVDANPILPGMFNWERLGEDEEDQSLDDMEKISRGPTGRLRIHHAKLAQAGAYQCIVDNGVAPPARRLLRLVVRFAPQVEHPTPLTKVAAAGDSTSSATLHCRARGVPNIVFTWTKNGVPLDLQDPRYTEHTYHQGGVHSSLLTIANVSAAQDYALFTCTATNALGSDQTNIQLVSISRPDPPSGLKVVSLTPHSVGLEWKPGFDGGLPQRFCIRYEALGTPGFHYVDVVPPQATTFTLTGLQPSTRYRVWLLASNALGDSGLADKGTQLPITTPGLHQPSGEPEDQLPTEPPSGPSGLPLLPVLFALGGLLLLSNASCVGGVLWQRRLRRLAEGISEKTEAGSEEDRVRNEYEESQWTGERDTQSSTVSTTEAEPYYRSLRDFSPQLPPTQEEVSYSRGFTGEDEDMAFPGHLYDEVERTYPPSGAWGPLYDEVQMGPWDLHWPEDTYQDPRGIYDQVAGDLDTLEPDSLPFELRGHLV*|MALGTTLRASLLLLGLLTEGLAQLAIPASVPRGFWALPENLTVVEGASVELRCGVSTPGSAVQWAKDGLLLGPDPRIPGFPRYRLEGDPARGEFHLHIEACDLSDDAEYECQVGRSEMGPELVSPRVILSILVPPKLLLLTPEAGTMVTWVAGQEYVVNCVSGDAKPAPDITILLSGQTISDISANVNEGSQQKLFTVEATARVTPRSSDNRQLLVCEASSPALEAPIKASFTVNVLFPPGPPVIEWPGLDEGHVRAGQNLELPCVARGGNPLATLQWLKNGQPVSTAWGTEHTQAVARSVLVMTVRPEDHGAQLSCEAHNSVSAGTQEHGITLQVTFPPSAIIILGSASQTENKNVTLSCVSKSSRPRVLLRWWLGWRQLLPMEETVMDGLHGGHISMSNLTFLARREDNGLTLTCEAFSEAFTKETFKKSLILNVKYPAQKLWIEGPPEGQKLRAGTRVRLVCLAIGGNPEPSLMWYKDSRTVTESRLPQESRRVHLGSVEKSGSTFSRELVLVTGPSDNQAKFTCKAGQLSASTQLAVQFPPTNVTILANASALRPGDALNLTCVSVSSNPPVNLSWDKEGERLEGVAAPPRRAPFKGSAAARSVLLQVSSRDHGQRVTCRAHSAELRETVSSFYRLNVLYRPEFLGEQVLVVTAVEQGEALLPVSVSANPAPEAFNWTFRGYRLSPAGGPRHRILSSGALHLWNVTRADDGLYQLHCQNSEGTAEARLRLDVHYAPTIRALQDPTEVNVGGSVDIVCTVDANPILPGMFNWERLGEDEEDQSLDDMEKISRGPTGRLRIHHAKLAQAGAYQCIVDNGVAPPARRLLRLVVRFAPQVEHPTPLTKVAAAGDSTSSATLHCRARGVPNIVFTWTKNGVPLDLQDPRYTEHTYHQGGVHSSLLTIANVSAAQDYALFTCTATNALGSDQTNIQLVSISRPDPPSGLKVVSLTPHSVGLEWKPGFDGGLPQRFCIRYEALGTPGFHYVDVVPPQATTFTLTGLQPSTRYRVWLLASNALGDSGLADKGTQLPITTPGLHQPSGEPEDQLPTEPPSGPSGLPLLPVLFALGGLLLLSNASCVGGVLWQRRLRRLAEGISEKTEAGSEEDRVRNEYEESQWTGERDTQSSTVSTTEAEPYYRSLRDFSPQLPPTQEEVSYSRGFTGEDEDMAFPGHLYDEVERTYPPSGAWGPLYDEVQMGPWDLHWPEDTYQDPRGIYDQVAGDLDTLEPDSLPFELRGHLV*
chr19:35861057:C/T:1	chr19	35861057	C|T	1	KIRREL2	NM_001329530	84063	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr19:35861057:C/T:1	chr19	35861057	C|T	1	KIRREL2	NM_001363667	84063	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr19:35861057:C/T:1	chr19	35861057	C|T	1	KIRREL2	NM_032123	84063	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr19:35861057:C/T:1	chr19	35861057	C|T	1	KIRREL2	NM_199179	84063	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr19:35861057:C/T:1	chr19	35861057	C|T	1	KIRREL2	NM_199180	84063	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21	None
chr19:35939983:C/A:1	chr19	35939983	C|A	1	LRFN3	NM_024509	79414	coding	1010	558	186	G>G	syn	None	MAILPLLLCLLPLAPASSPPQSATPSPCPRRCRCQTQSLPLSVLCPGAGLLFVPPSLDRRAAELRLADNFIASVRRRDLANMTGLLHLSLSRNTIRHVAAGAFADLRALRALHLDGNRLTSLGEGQLRGLVNLRHLILSNNQLAALAAGALDDCAETLEDLDLSYNNLEQLPWEALGRLGNVNTLGLDHNLLASVPAGAFSRLHKLARLDMTSNRLTTIPPDPLFSRLPLLARPRGSPASALVLAFGGNPLHCNCELVWLRRLAREDDLEACASPPALGGRYFWAVGEEEFVCEPPVVTHRSPPLAVPAGRPAALRCRAVGDPEPRVRWVSPQGRLLGNSSRARAFPNGTLELLVTEPGDGGIFTCIAANAAGEATAAVELTVGPPPPPQLANSTSCDPPRDGDPDALTPPSAASASAKVADTGPPTDRGVQVTEHGATAALVQWPDQRPIPGIRMYQIQYNSSADDILVYRMIPAESRSFLLTDLASGRTYDLCVLAVYEDSATGLTATRPVGCARFSTEPALRPCGAPHAPFLGGTMIIALGGVIVASVLVFIFVLLMRYKVHGGQPPGKAKIPAPVSSVCSQTNGALGPTPTPAPPAPEPAALRAHTVVQLDCEPWGPGHEPVGP*
chr19:35944781:C/T:1	chr19	35944781	C|T	1	LRFN3	NM_024509	79414	coding	2101	1649	550	S>L	nonsyn	None	MAILPLLLCLLPLAPASSPPQSATPSPCPRRCRCQTQSLPLSVLCPGAGLLFVPPSLDRRAAELRLADNFIASVRRRDLANMTGLLHLSLSRNTIRHVAAGAFADLRALRALHLDGNRLTSLGEGQLRGLVNLRHLILSNNQLAALAAGALDDCAETLEDLDLSYNNLEQLPWEALGRLGNVNTLGLDHNLLASVPAGAFSRLHKLARLDMTSNRLTTIPPDPLFSRLPLLARPRGSPASALVLAFGGNPLHCNCELVWLRRLAREDDLEACASPPALGGRYFWAVGEEEFVCEPPVVTHRSPPLAVPAGRPAALRCRAVGDPEPRVRWVSPQGRLLGNSSRARAFPNGTLELLVTEPGDGGIFTCIAANAAGEATAAVELTVGPPPPPQLANSTSCDPPRDGDPDALTPPSAASASAKVADTGPPTDRGVQVTEHGATAALVQWPDQRPIPGIRMYQIQYNSSADDILVYRMIPAESRSFLLTDLASGRTYDLCVLAVYEDSATGLTATRPVGCARFSTEPALRPCGAPHAPFLGGTMIIALGGVIVASVLVFIFVLLMRYKVHGGQPPGKAKIPAPVSSVCSQTNGALGPTPTPAPPAPEPAALRAHTVVQLDCEPWGPGHEPVGP*|MAILPLLLCLLPLAPASSPPQSATPSPCPRRCRCQTQSLPLSVLCPGAGLLFVPPSLDRRAAELRLADNFIASVRRRDLANMTGLLHLSLSRNTIRHVAAGAFADLRALRALHLDGNRLTSLGEGQLRGLVNLRHLILSNNQLAALAAGALDDCAETLEDLDLSYNNLEQLPWEALGRLGNVNTLGLDHNLLASVPAGAFSRLHKLARLDMTSNRLTTIPPDPLFSRLPLLARPRGSPASALVLAFGGNPLHCNCELVWLRRLAREDDLEACASPPALGGRYFWAVGEEEFVCEPPVVTHRSPPLAVPAGRPAALRCRAVGDPEPRVRWVSPQGRLLGNSSRARAFPNGTLELLVTEPGDGGIFTCIAANAAGEATAAVELTVGPPPPPQLANSTSCDPPRDGDPDALTPPSAASASAKVADTGPPTDRGVQVTEHGATAALVQWPDQRPIPGIRMYQIQYNSSADDILVYRMIPAESRSFLLTDLASGRTYDLCVLAVYEDSATGLTATRPVGCARFSTEPALRPCGAPHAPFLGGTMIIALGGVIVALVLVFIFVLLMRYKVHGGQPPGKAKIPAPVSSVCSQTNGALGPTPTPAPPAPEPAALRAHTVVQLDCEPWGPGHEPVGP*
chr19:37894230:C/G:1	chr19	37894230	C|G	1	WDR87	NM_001291088	83889	coding	1727	1473	491	Q>H	nonsyn	None	MSSPRLIPLWKDLKLLLNDTINKSKQPSEDPKNCLIVLSDRSQVLFKESRYPQNMPCVCYYFSDAHFFASLSWVTSNTKEIQAVAWMKSKTEDMVEKRTFSMTERLPPIQSMVHAGSFHILVVYCGDLILRLFGDHFRAFKPLGKVPCRFNISCLCYDPEMKMLLSGILGAVVTWVIELGGTGLQIAHMVSMPGDELVQDIVLNGPSGSLLALCETVVRVLMHQGKGQLGEVKRFTSTSSGSSITCCFTCFDQGFLYAGNQAGEIQVWSLQQGHPLHSFQAHQSGVICIRSRPEAHTLLTAGSDSLIKEWNLTSGSLLRRLELGEELYRLQFIDSITFFCQTAHSFSLHRLPCFYSLFNVCGSAPQQLRRVCCGNNWFRILCTTEDGLLRFVSPVTGDLLVITWPFSILDQAVDWAYDPGKEELFVATGSSEVLVFDTTRCPCPAKYLLGTSPNSQDFVQCLAYGHFNLGRGLEGLIFSGHQSGVIRVLSQHSCARLEKFMHFGAVLALSTLSGGIFGGQGNSLLCSYGMDDYVHLSEAVLDGVKVQLRPLASILSSCHLTHLILLPKSVGAITETNCLRLWKFHDFLSSGSQNGLKFIETLPLHLCAITSFDVCLSLSLFVTGSADGSVRIWDFHGRLIGILDSSLHFGPVCFANDRGDLLVTFNQSLYLVSCLKLLPPALLTRLSFMSISDEVLEVPKPFIPSFFFSFETMFVPKYIYPGQAQQKLVGLEKLVNNRAIAFDHSVPHVIEEDEEGSPVLLRSSMHYSLQDMEDWMQVSKRYQCHYVLPPQLQLTSWDGLNPYQILRYYFGHGREWLFAPDCYIPNSVIRARLWPEGTPIYLQCNLHAPQRELEWDRSQEFFFWHSRVRAISNTEYPKNKEEDEHFLEMRLSKDVTYSVLTDGANRSWLGRKMSEITINSMIETMLNIMVHASLLKYQCCVGALGQIFASYQVSPALRSETARRLLNDTTNSNPLIRELAWEGLKRLGMITHLFAMPLAQGLMDKDERVRIKTLSLMAEIGIHSRTSLLQLTQKQETFREMQQQMIGEEPLDHLLGMRATDLQILSTQVEQRLNENLTLSHRDEKPAFSLDVSMPSELKSSLKPPTVSEESEVAIKPSKGQRRGQAGVKKHSQKWLRGLKKTKERDSKQMSTEPGLLEDESGTEAAPIEMEEASVYSQWSSSTSVIKLSKDVDSQEKDISKDHIALTLKRLQKIRDKRDKKATAQKLKKKHKKKGKEAKVINEETTPPVMEQPVTKKVKIQGRGASGISGRRSTAGDGSSWRDDLCRLMALRISGSQTKMSENLNAELVTFAQEMLVDRHPSWELFQEICPLLKKESKVLLEDLDWDVVPPEKKPIFIQEGAIREDMIQGVTQEVIRHKEVMPREEEQAQKKARDMLGLEETQVILKKGKKVIFLEPGNVTMGKEISKKEEKKTFQKSPKQGRKAVQKERKVGKIKREMTKEERDMSEEVEEMATLEEKVVKQEGKLVMIERTPSWQDWKKAWDEWKQVHGETRKSWKAWKEEWEKRLLQEEEKLHQAGEKLSPEEEMLQEDKKLKWEEWKQVWENMLSSKSKEQQYKDEEEVTLEEEVSREGEEKEQQVTEEQRHIQEEHKWARIHRKRARAEKKRAQEERKLAQEEEKLAQEERQLAQEERKLAQAYVKITQDDREMAQAEGKFAQKEETLAQRGEKLSQEAEKLAQKRKKLAKKWEKVAREEEKLAKKGGKLAEVKNILAQKVEELPQREQNLDWQEKELAQELEELEWDMEELSWKEEELNQEEGKLVEEKKKLAEEEEALAWQREKLSEEETKLAQEEELLIQEKEKLAQHKEKMPEEEERLGRKREQLIEKKMKLAQKRERWINSMEELTKNKMILYQKKNLAQEKKNLAQEKEKLAQRKENLLYNKERLTHSKKQLVQVKNKLGMFNKILAQVEEKLTQEKETVIKKKEKLAETEKKLVQVEDSLAKKQEKLAQEKMKLALEKAMVQGKKRLRGELDIAKEEKALNLEMKRLAEEKMRLVEGKETLSKGETPETSRQRKMTQVEQELFERKLSLEEKILLHEDRILAMEESEIAKGKLEFTRGQRIFVQGQRKLAKASRKLIKKRESLSKEPAKLNKILKALQKLTRDERKLTQEEIKMTKMKRALFVKERRLSIEQSKLDIKEWDFSEKRSELTKDEKKLARKQRKLANKMRRMINKEEKMTEEESKLARKHSEVILDDEEEGGIEEEEVIPFLKRRWRKRKEAKRGDKPKEKFSSQVDEVESEEHFSEEMESLLDELEKQESLSSEEEEEREEEEEREEEEEREEEEERKEEEEGEEKQVEKEEEEKKKKKKEKKKEEVQEKEEVFEEKEEIMSEEETESLSDEEEEEESCSLEEEVDREKEILKKEKQFKLQEQRRKSLRGRERVLSILRGVPHGKGRAIRLGVLKSPLKKLMSTALEMKEKTPVPVPEKQISWEDKKATVVEIPRKFLGTMDKEREVMGKYEPIPPHVLGTVLESQAQDLKTPFMSHILRRTVEAEELQHKPLGAWWKWFLQHPPLMGQTEVQLPLSQIPAKEQHADVSLSDVEWIRHVLERMEAGEQLSRDGFHRLCQLLKDLASKGNLEWLHLAKHEAIVYRHRQALESQDTRISSRQSMSPKYLKVIPPIKAKEKESWPKPLAVPTQKSPLATKRIPDPRAKNWHLLGEPYRSERAQQISIAHKEMEMQYFYPATRDIFPSAHASVEKQTLALMFQKDFWDFKDKRRFPKLPKLEKKTQPISKKKEELPLWETFVALYHVLRMLQQRYPKDSTAWMEQFYQLMDLYQLKSPRIQKLLQELLMREEPQPQEIIYEEALKATELVPGERLFCCLFCGSSHTPRSPQEFQGAVPLPWQNCVRTILPVGIARYGILELAWKSLPEADLHLTKALTHTVAPTL*|MSSPRLIPLWKDLKLLLNDTINKSKQPSEDPKNCLIVLSDRSQVLFKESRYPQNMPCVCYYFSDAHFFASLSWVTSNTKEIQAVAWMKSKTEDMVEKRTFSMTERLPPIQSMVHAGSFHILVVYCGDLILRLFGDHFRAFKPLGKVPCRFNISCLCYDPEMKMLLSGILGAVVTWVIELGGTGLQIAHMVSMPGDELVQDIVLNGPSGSLLALCETVVRVLMHQGKGQLGEVKRFTSTSSGSSITCCFTCFDQGFLYAGNQAGEIQVWSLQQGHPLHSFQAHQSGVICIRSRPEAHTLLTAGSDSLIKEWNLTSGSLLRRLELGEELYRLQFIDSITFFCQTAHSFSLHRLPCFYSLFNVCGSAPQQLRRVCCGNNWFRILCTTEDGLLRFVSPVTGDLLVITWPFSILDQAVDWAYDPGKEELFVATGSSEVLVFDTTRCPCPAKYLLGTSPNSQDFVQCLAYGHFNLGRGLEGLIFSGHQSGVIRVLSHHSCARLEKFMHFGAVLALSTLSGGIFGGQGNSLLCSYGMDDYVHLSEAVLDGVKVQLRPLASILSSCHLTHLILLPKSVGAITETNCLRLWKFHDFLSSGSQNGLKFIETLPLHLCAITSFDVCLSLSLFVTGSADGSVRIWDFHGRLIGILDSSLHFGPVCFANDRGDLLVTFNQSLYLVSCLKLLPPALLTRLSFMSISDEVLEVPKPFIPSFFFSFETMFVPKYIYPGQAQQKLVGLEKLVNNRAIAFDHSVPHVIEEDEEGSPVLLRSSMHYSLQDMEDWMQVSKRYQCHYVLPPQLQLTSWDGLNPYQILRYYFGHGREWLFAPDCYIPNSVIRARLWPEGTPIYLQCNLHAPQRELEWDRSQEFFFWHSRVRAISNTEYPKNKEEDEHFLEMRLSKDVTYSVLTDGANRSWLGRKMSEITINSMIETMLNIMVHASLLKYQCCVGALGQIFASYQVSPALRSETARRLLNDTTNSNPLIRELAWEGLKRLGMITHLFAMPLAQGLMDKDERVRIKTLSLMAEIGIHSRTSLLQLTQKQETFREMQQQMIGEEPLDHLLGMRATDLQILSTQVEQRLNENLTLSHRDEKPAFSLDVSMPSELKSSLKPPTVSEESEVAIKPSKGQRRGQAGVKKHSQKWLRGLKKTKERDSKQMSTEPGLLEDESGTEAAPIEMEEASVYSQWSSSTSVIKLSKDVDSQEKDISKDHIALTLKRLQKIRDKRDKKATAQKLKKKHKKKGKEAKVINEETTPPVMEQPVTKKVKIQGRGASGISGRRSTAGDGSSWRDDLCRLMALRISGSQTKMSENLNAELVTFAQEMLVDRHPSWELFQEICPLLKKESKVLLEDLDWDVVPPEKKPIFIQEGAIREDMIQGVTQEVIRHKEVMPREEEQAQKKARDMLGLEETQVILKKGKKVIFLEPGNVTMGKEISKKEEKKTFQKSPKQGRKAVQKERKVGKIKREMTKEERDMSEEVEEMATLEEKVVKQEGKLVMIERTPSWQDWKKAWDEWKQVHGETRKSWKAWKEEWEKRLLQEEEKLHQAGEKLSPEEEMLQEDKKLKWEEWKQVWENMLSSKSKEQQYKDEEEVTLEEEVSREGEEKEQQVTEEQRHIQEEHKWARIHRKRARAEKKRAQEERKLAQEEEKLAQEERQLAQEERKLAQAYVKITQDDREMAQAEGKFAQKEETLAQRGEKLSQEAEKLAQKRKKLAKKWEKVAREEEKLAKKGGKLAEVKNILAQKVEELPQREQNLDWQEKELAQELEELEWDMEELSWKEEELNQEEGKLVEEKKKLAEEEEALAWQREKLSEEETKLAQEEELLIQEKEKLAQHKEKMPEEEERLGRKREQLIEKKMKLAQKRERWINSMEELTKNKMILYQKKNLAQEKKNLAQEKEKLAQRKENLLYNKERLTHSKKQLVQVKNKLGMFNKILAQVEEKLTQEKETVIKKKEKLAETEKKLVQVEDSLAKKQEKLAQEKMKLALEKAMVQGKKRLRGELDIAKEEKALNLEMKRLAEEKMRLVEGKETLSKGETPETSRQRKMTQVEQELFERKLSLEEKILLHEDRILAMEESEIAKGKLEFTRGQRIFVQGQRKLAKASRKLIKKRESLSKEPAKLNKILKALQKLTRDERKLTQEEIKMTKMKRALFVKERRLSIEQSKLDIKEWDFSEKRSELTKDEKKLARKQRKLANKMRRMINKEEKMTEEESKLARKHSEVILDDEEEGGIEEEEVIPFLKRRWRKRKEAKRGDKPKEKFSSQVDEVESEEHFSEEMESLLDELEKQESLSSEEEEEREEEEEREEEEEREEEEERKEEEEGEEKQVEKEEEEKKKKKKEKKKEEVQEKEEVFEEKEEIMSEEETESLSDEEEEEESCSLEEEVDREKEILKKEKQFKLQEQRRKSLRGRERVLSILRGVPHGKGRAIRLGVLKSPLKKLMSTALEMKEKTPVPVPEKQISWEDKKATVVEIPRKFLGTMDKEREVMGKYEPIPPHVLGTVLESQAQDLKTPFMSHILRRTVEAEELQHKPLGAWWKWFLQHPPLMGQTEVQLPLSQIPAKEQHADVSLSDVEWIRHVLERMEAGEQLSRDGFHRLCQLLKDLASKGNLEWLHLAKHEAIVYRHRQALESQDTRISSRQSMSPKYLKVIPPIKAKEKESWPKPLAVPTQKSPLATKRIPDPRAKNWHLLGEPYRSERAQQISIAHKEMEMQYFYPATRDIFPSAHASVEKQTLALMFQKDFWDFKDKRRFPKLPKLEKKTQPISKKKEELPLWETFVALYHVLRMLQQRYPKDSTAWMEQFYQLMDLYQLKSPRIQKLLQELLMREEPQPQEIIYEEALKATELVPGERLFCCLFCGSSHTPRSPQEFQGAVPLPWQNCVRTILPVGIARYGILELAWKSLPEADLHLTKALTHTVAPTL*
chr19:37894230:C/G:1	chr19	37894230	C|G	1	WDR87	NM_031951	83889	coding	1610	1356	452	Q>H	nonsyn	None	MSSPRLIPLWKDLKLLLNDTINKSKQPSEDPKNCLIVLSDRSQAVAWMKSKTEDMVEKRTFSMTERLPPIQSMVHAGSFHILVVYCGDLILRLFGDHFRAFKPLGKVPCRFNISCLCYDPEMKMLLSGILGAVVTWVIELGGTGLQIAHMVSMPGDELVQDIVLNGPSGSLLALCETVVRVLMHQGKGQLGEVKRFTSTSSGSSITCCFTCFDQGFLYAGNQAGEIQVWSLQQGHPLHSFQAHQSGVICIRSRPEAHTLLTAGSDSLIKEWNLTSGSLLRRLELGEELYRLQFIDSITFFCQTAHSFSLHRLPCFYSLFNVCGSAPQQLRRVCCGNNWFRILCTTEDGLLRFVSPVTGDLLVITWPFSILDQAVDWAYDPGKEELFVATGSSEVLVFDTTRCPCPAKYLLGTSPNSQDFVQCLAYGHFNLGRGLEGLIFSGHQSGVIRVLSQHSCARLEKFMHFGAVLALSTLSGGIFGGQGNSLLCSYGMDDYVHLSEAVLDGVKVQLRPLASILSSCHLTHLILLPKSVGAITETNCLRLWKFHDFLSSGSQNGLKFIETLPLHLCAITSFDVCLSLSLFVTGSADGSVRIWDFHGRLIGILDSSLHFGPVCFANDRGDLLVTFNQSLYLVSCLKLLPPALLTRLSFMSISDEVLEVPKPFIPSFFFSFETMFVPKYIYPGQAQQKLVGLEKLVNNRAIAFDHSVPHVIEEDEEGSPVLLRSSMHYSLQDMEDWMQVSKRYQCHYVLPPQLQLTSWDGLNPYQILRYYFGHGREWLFAPDCYIPNSVIRARLWPEGTPIYLQCNLHAPQRELEWDRSQEFFFWHSRVRAISNTEYPKNKEEDEHFLEMRLSKDVTYSVLTDGANRSWLGRKMSEITINSMIETMLNIMVHASLLKYQCCVGALGQIFASYQVSPALRSETARRLLNDTTNSNPLIRELAWEGLKRLGMITHLFAMPLAQGLMDKDERVRIKTLSLMAEIGIHSRTSLLQLTQKQETFREMQQQMIGEEPLDHLLGMRATDLQILSTQVEQRLNENLTLSHRDEKPAFSLDVSMPSELKSSLKPPTVSEESEVAIKPSKGQRRGQAGVKKHSQKWLRGLKKTKERDSKQMSTEPGLLEDESGTEAAPIEMEEASVYSQWSSSTSVIKLSKDVDSQEKDISKDHIALTLKRLQKIRDKRDKKATAQKLKKKHKKKGKEAKVINEETTPPVMEQPVTKKVKIQGRGASGISGRRSTAGDGSSWRDDLCRLMALRISGSQTKMSENLNAELVTFAQEMLVDRHPSWELFQEICPLLKKESKVLLEDLDWDVVPPEKKPIFIQEGAIREDMIQGVTQEVIRHKEVMPREEEQAQKKARDMLGLEETQVILKKGKKVIFLEPGNVTMGKEISKKEEKKTFQKSPKQGRKAVQKERKVGKIKREMTKEERDMSEEVEEMATLEEKVVKQEGKLVMIERTPSWQDWKKAWDEWKQVHGETRKSWKAWKEEWEKRLLQEEEKLHQAGEKLSPEEEMLQEDKKLKWEEWKQVWENMLSSKSKEQQYKDEEEVTLEEEVSREGEEKEQQVTEEQRHIQEEHKWARIHRKRARAEKKRAQEERKLAQEEEKLAQEERQLAQEERKLAQAYVKITQDDREMAQAEGKFAQKEETLAQRGEKLSQEAEKLAQKRKKLAKKWEKVAREEEKLAKKGGKLAEVKNILAQKVEELPQREQNLDWQEKELAQELEELEWDMEELSWKEEELNQEEGKLVEEKKKLAEEEEALAWQREKLSEEETKLAQEEELLIQEKEKLAQHKEKMPEEEERLGRKREQLIEKKMKLAQKRERWINSMEELTKNKMILYQKKNLAQEKKNLAQEKEKLAQRKENLLYNKERLTHSKKQLVQVKNKLGMFNKILAQVEEKLTQEKETVIKKKEKLAETEKKLVQVEDSLAKKQEKLAQEKMKLALEKAMVQGKKRLRGELDIAKEEKALNLEMKRLAEEKMRLVEGKETLSKGETPETSRQRKMTQVEQELFERKLSLEEKILLHEDRILAMEESEIAKGKLEFTRGQRIFVQGQRKLAKASRKLIKKRESLSKEPAKLNKILKALQKLTRDERKLTQEEIKMTKMKRALFVKERRLSIEQSKLDIKEWDFSEKRSELTKDEKKLARKQRKLANKMRRMINKEEKMTEEESKLARKHSEVILDDEEEGGIEEEEVIPFLKRRWRKRKEAKRGDKPKEKFSSQVDEVESEEHFSEEMESLLDELEKQESLSSEEEEEREEEEEREEEEEREEEEERKEEEEGEEKQVEKEEEEKKKKKKEKKKEEVQEKEEVFEEKEEIMSEEETESLSDEEEEEESCSLEEEVDREKEILKKEKQFKLQEQRRKSLRGRERVLSILRGVPHGKGRAIRLGVLKSPLKKLMSTALEMKEKTPVPVPEKQISWEDKKATVVEIPRKFLGTMDKEREVMGKYEPIPPHVLGTVLESQAQDLKTPFMSHILRRTVEAEELQHKPLGAWWKWFLQHPPLMGQTEVQLPLSQIPAKEQHADVSLSDVEWIRHVLERMEAGEQLSRDGFHRLCQLLKDLASKGNLEWLHLAKHEAIVYRHRQALESQDTRISSRQSMSPKYLKVIPPIKAKEKESWPKPLAVPTQKSPLATKRIPDPRAKNWHLLGEPYRSERAQQISIAHKEMEMQYFYPATRDIFPSAHASVEKQTLALMFQKDFWDFKDKRRFPKLPKLEKKTQPISKKKEELPLWETFVALYHVLRMLQQRYPKDSTAWMEQFYQLMDLYQLKSPRIQKLLQELLMREEPQPQEIIYEEALKATELVPGERLFCCLFCGSSHTPRSPQEFQGAVPLPWQNCVRTILPVGIARYGILELAWKSLPEADLHLTKALTHTVAPTL*|MSSPRLIPLWKDLKLLLNDTINKSKQPSEDPKNCLIVLSDRSQAVAWMKSKTEDMVEKRTFSMTERLPPIQSMVHAGSFHILVVYCGDLILRLFGDHFRAFKPLGKVPCRFNISCLCYDPEMKMLLSGILGAVVTWVIELGGTGLQIAHMVSMPGDELVQDIVLNGPSGSLLALCETVVRVLMHQGKGQLGEVKRFTSTSSGSSITCCFTCFDQGFLYAGNQAGEIQVWSLQQGHPLHSFQAHQSGVICIRSRPEAHTLLTAGSDSLIKEWNLTSGSLLRRLELGEELYRLQFIDSITFFCQTAHSFSLHRLPCFYSLFNVCGSAPQQLRRVCCGNNWFRILCTTEDGLLRFVSPVTGDLLVITWPFSILDQAVDWAYDPGKEELFVATGSSEVLVFDTTRCPCPAKYLLGTSPNSQDFVQCLAYGHFNLGRGLEGLIFSGHQSGVIRVLSHHSCARLEKFMHFGAVLALSTLSGGIFGGQGNSLLCSYGMDDYVHLSEAVLDGVKVQLRPLASILSSCHLTHLILLPKSVGAITETNCLRLWKFHDFLSSGSQNGLKFIETLPLHLCAITSFDVCLSLSLFVTGSADGSVRIWDFHGRLIGILDSSLHFGPVCFANDRGDLLVTFNQSLYLVSCLKLLPPALLTRLSFMSISDEVLEVPKPFIPSFFFSFETMFVPKYIYPGQAQQKLVGLEKLVNNRAIAFDHSVPHVIEEDEEGSPVLLRSSMHYSLQDMEDWMQVSKRYQCHYVLPPQLQLTSWDGLNPYQILRYYFGHGREWLFAPDCYIPNSVIRARLWPEGTPIYLQCNLHAPQRELEWDRSQEFFFWHSRVRAISNTEYPKNKEEDEHFLEMRLSKDVTYSVLTDGANRSWLGRKMSEITINSMIETMLNIMVHASLLKYQCCVGALGQIFASYQVSPALRSETARRLLNDTTNSNPLIRELAWEGLKRLGMITHLFAMPLAQGLMDKDERVRIKTLSLMAEIGIHSRTSLLQLTQKQETFREMQQQMIGEEPLDHLLGMRATDLQILSTQVEQRLNENLTLSHRDEKPAFSLDVSMPSELKSSLKPPTVSEESEVAIKPSKGQRRGQAGVKKHSQKWLRGLKKTKERDSKQMSTEPGLLEDESGTEAAPIEMEEASVYSQWSSSTSVIKLSKDVDSQEKDISKDHIALTLKRLQKIRDKRDKKATAQKLKKKHKKKGKEAKVINEETTPPVMEQPVTKKVKIQGRGASGISGRRSTAGDGSSWRDDLCRLMALRISGSQTKMSENLNAELVTFAQEMLVDRHPSWELFQEICPLLKKESKVLLEDLDWDVVPPEKKPIFIQEGAIREDMIQGVTQEVIRHKEVMPREEEQAQKKARDMLGLEETQVILKKGKKVIFLEPGNVTMGKEISKKEEKKTFQKSPKQGRKAVQKERKVGKIKREMTKEERDMSEEVEEMATLEEKVVKQEGKLVMIERTPSWQDWKKAWDEWKQVHGETRKSWKAWKEEWEKRLLQEEEKLHQAGEKLSPEEEMLQEDKKLKWEEWKQVWENMLSSKSKEQQYKDEEEVTLEEEVSREGEEKEQQVTEEQRHIQEEHKWARIHRKRARAEKKRAQEERKLAQEEEKLAQEERQLAQEERKLAQAYVKITQDDREMAQAEGKFAQKEETLAQRGEKLSQEAEKLAQKRKKLAKKWEKVAREEEKLAKKGGKLAEVKNILAQKVEELPQREQNLDWQEKELAQELEELEWDMEELSWKEEELNQEEGKLVEEKKKLAEEEEALAWQREKLSEEETKLAQEEELLIQEKEKLAQHKEKMPEEEERLGRKREQLIEKKMKLAQKRERWINSMEELTKNKMILYQKKNLAQEKKNLAQEKEKLAQRKENLLYNKERLTHSKKQLVQVKNKLGMFNKILAQVEEKLTQEKETVIKKKEKLAETEKKLVQVEDSLAKKQEKLAQEKMKLALEKAMVQGKKRLRGELDIAKEEKALNLEMKRLAEEKMRLVEGKETLSKGETPETSRQRKMTQVEQELFERKLSLEEKILLHEDRILAMEESEIAKGKLEFTRGQRIFVQGQRKLAKASRKLIKKRESLSKEPAKLNKILKALQKLTRDERKLTQEEIKMTKMKRALFVKERRLSIEQSKLDIKEWDFSEKRSELTKDEKKLARKQRKLANKMRRMINKEEKMTEEESKLARKHSEVILDDEEEGGIEEEEVIPFLKRRWRKRKEAKRGDKPKEKFSSQVDEVESEEHFSEEMESLLDELEKQESLSSEEEEEREEEEEREEEEEREEEEERKEEEEGEEKQVEKEEEEKKKKKKEKKKEEVQEKEEVFEEKEEIMSEEETESLSDEEEEEESCSLEEEVDREKEILKKEKQFKLQEQRRKSLRGRERVLSILRGVPHGKGRAIRLGVLKSPLKKLMSTALEMKEKTPVPVPEKQISWEDKKATVVEIPRKFLGTMDKEREVMGKYEPIPPHVLGTVLESQAQDLKTPFMSHILRRTVEAEELQHKPLGAWWKWFLQHPPLMGQTEVQLPLSQIPAKEQHADVSLSDVEWIRHVLERMEAGEQLSRDGFHRLCQLLKDLASKGNLEWLHLAKHEAIVYRHRQALESQDTRISSRQSMSPKYLKVIPPIKAKEKESWPKPLAVPTQKSPLATKRIPDPRAKNWHLLGEPYRSERAQQISIAHKEMEMQYFYPATRDIFPSAHASVEKQTLALMFQKDFWDFKDKRRFPKLPKLEKKTQPISKKKEELPLWETFVALYHVLRMLQQRYPKDSTAWMEQFYQLMDLYQLKSPRIQKLLQELLMREEPQPQEIIYEEALKATELVPGERLFCCLFCGSSHTPRSPQEFQGAVPLPWQNCVRTILPVGIARYGILELAWKSLPEADLHLTKALTHTVAPTL*
chr19:38392374:C/T:1	chr19	38392374	C|T	1	SPRED3	NR_073032	399473	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	86	None
chr19:38392374:C/T:1	chr19	38392374	C|T	1	SPRED3	NM_001042522	399473	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	86	None
chr19:38394161:T/G:1	chr19	38394161	T|G	1	SPRED3	NR_073032	399473	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	200	None
chr19:38394161:T/G:1	chr19	38394161	T|G	1	SPRED3	NM_001042522	399473	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	482	None
chr19:38464585:G/T:1	chr19	38464585	G|T	1	RYR1	NM_000540	6261	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	54	None
chr19:38464585:G/T:1	chr19	38464585	G|T	1	RYR1	NM_001042723	6261	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	54	None
chr19:39680834:C/T:1	chr19	39680834	C|T	1	LGALS17A	NR_034156	400696	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	599	None
chr19:39707590:A/C:1	chr19	39707590	A|C	1	LGALS14	NM_020129	56891	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	202	None
chr19:39707590:A/C:1	chr19	39707590	A|C	1	LGALS14	NM_203471	56891	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	202	None
chr19:39873286:C/G:1	chr19	39873286	C|G	1	FCGBP	NM_003890	8857	coding	11121	11113	3705	D>H	nonsyn	None	MGALWSWWILWAGATLLWGLTQEASVDLKNTGREEFLTAFLQNYQLAYSKAYPRLLISSLSESPASVSILSQADNTSKKVTVRPGESVMVNISAKAEMIGSKIFQHAVVIHSDYAISVQALNAKPDTAELTLLRPIQALGTEYFVLTPPGTSARNVKEFAVVAGAAGASVSVTLKGSVTFNGKFYPAGDVLRVTLQPYNVAQLQSSVDLSGSKVTASSPVAVLSGHSCAQKHTTCNHVVEQLLPTSAWGTHYVVPTLASQSRYDLAFVVASQATKLTYNHGGITGSRGLQAGDVVEFEVRPSWPLYLSANVGIQVLLFGTGAIRNEVTYDPYLVLIPDVAAYCPAYVVKSVPGCEGVALVVAQTKAISGLTIDGHAVGAKLTWEAVPGSEFSYAEVELGTADMIHTAEATTNLGLLTFGLAKAIGYATAADCGRTVLSPVEPSCEGMQCAAGQRCQVVGGKAGCVAESTAVCRAQGDPHYTTFDGRRYDMMGTCSYTMVELCSEDDTLPAFSVEAKNEHRGSRRVSYVGLVTVRAYSHSVSLTRGEVGFVLVDNQRSRLPVSLSEGRLRVYQSGPRAVVELVFGLVVTYDWDCQLALSLPARFQDQVCGLCGNYNGDPADDFLTPDGALAPDAVEFASSWKLDDGDYLCEDGCQNNCPACTPGQAQHYEGDRLCGMLTKLDGPFAVCHDTLDPRPFLEQCVYDLCVVGGERLSLCRGLSAYAQACLELGISVGDWRSPANCPLSCPANSRYELCGPACPTSCNGAAAPSNCSGRPCVEGCVCLPGFVASGGACVPASSCGCTFQGLQLAPGQEVWADELCQRRCTCNGATHQVTCRDKQSCPAGERCSVQNGLLGCYPDRFGTCQGSGDPHYVSFDGRRFDFMGTCTYLLVGSCGQNAALPAFRVLVENEHRGSQTVSYTRAVRVEARGVKVAVRREYPGQVLVDDVLQYLPFQAADGQVQVFRQGRDAVVRTDFGLTVTYDWNARVTAKVPSSYAEALCGLCGNFNGDPADDLALRGGGQAANALAFGNSWQEETRPGCGATEPGDCPKLDSLVAQQLQSKNECGILADPKGPFRECHSKLDPQGAVRDCVYDRCLLPGQSGPLCDALATYAAACQAAGATVHPWRSEELCPLSCPPHSHYEACSYGCPLSCGDLPVPEGCESACREGCVCDAGFVLSGDTCVPVGQCGCLHDDRYYPLGQTFYPGPGCDSLCRCREGGEVSCEPSSCGPHETCRPSGGSLGCVAVGSTTCQASGDPHYTTFDGHRFDFMGTCVYVLAQTCGTRPGLHRFAVLQENVAWGNGRVSVTRVITVQVANFTLRLEQRQWKVTVNGVDMKLPVVLANGQIRASQHGSDVVIETDFGLRVAYDLVYYVRVTVPGNYYQLMCGLCGNYNGDPKDDFQKPNGSQAGNANEFGNSWEEVVSDSPCLPPPTCPPGSEGCIPSEECPPELEKKYQKEEFCGLLSSPTGPLSSCHKLVDPQGPLKDCIFDLCLGGGNLSILCSNIHAYVSACQVAGGHVEPWRNETFCPMECPQNSHYELCADTCSLGCSALSAPLQCPDGCAEGCQCDSGFLYNGQACVPIQQCGCYHNGAYYEPEQTVLIDNCRQQCTCHAGKVVVCQEHSCKPGQVCQPSGGILSCVTKDPCHGVTCRPQETCKEQGGQGVCLPNYEATCWLWGDPHYHSFDGRKFDFQGTCNYVLATTGCPGVSTQGLTPFTVTTKNQNRGNPAVSYVRVVTVAALGTNISIHKDEIGKVRVNGVLTALPVSVADGRISVTQGASKALLVADFGLQVSYDWNWRVDVTLPSSYHGAVCGLCGNMDRNPNNDQVFPNGTLAPSIPIWGGSWRAPGWDPLCWDECRGSCPTCPEDRLEQYEGPGFCGPLAPGTGGPFTTCHAHVPPESFFKGCVLDVCMGGGDRDILCKALASYVAACQAAGVVIEDWRAQVGCEITCPENSHYEVCGPPCPASCPSPAPLTTPAVCEGPCVEGCQCDAGFVLSADRCVPLNNGCGCWANGTYHEAGSEFWADGTCSQWCRCGPGGGSLVCTPASCGLGEVCGLLPSGQHGCQPVSTAECQAWGDPHYVTLDGHRFDFQGTCEYLLSAPCHGPPLGAENFTVTVANEHRGSQAVSYTRSVTLQIYNHSLTLSARWPRKLQVDGVFVTLPFQLDSLLHAHLSGADVVVTTTSGLSLAFDGDSFVRLRVPAAYAGSLCGLCGNYNQDPADDLKAVGGKPAGWQVGGAQGCGECVSKPCPSPCTPEQQESFGGPDACGVISATDGPLAPCHGLVPPAQYFQGCLLDACQVQGHPGGLCPAVATYVAACQAAGAQLREWRRPDFCPFQCPAHSHYELCGDSCPGSCPSLSAPEGCESACREGCVCDAGFVLSGDTCVPVGQCGCLHDDRYYPLGQTFYPGPGCDSLCRCREGGEVSCEPSSCGPHETCRPSGGSLGCVAVGSTTCQASGDPHYTTFDGHRFDFMGTCVYVLAQTCGTRPGLHRFAVLQENVAWGNGRVSVTRVITVQVANFTLRLEQRQWKVTVNGVDMKLPVVLANGQIRASQHGSDVVIETDFGLRVAYDLVYYVRVTVPGNYYQLMCGLCGNYNGDPKDDFQKPNGSQAGNANEFGNSWEEVVPDSPCLPPPTCPPGSAGCIPSDKCPPELEKKYQKEEFCGLLSSPTGPLSSCHKLVDPQGPLKDCIFDLCLGGGNLSILCSNIHAYVSACQAAGGHVEPWRNETFCPMECPQNSHYELCADTCSLGCSALSAPLQCPDGCAEGCQCDSGFLYNGQACVPIQQCGCYHNGVYYEPEQTVLIDNCRQQCTCHVGKVVVCQEHSCKPGQVCQPSGGILSCVTKDPCHGVTCRPQETCKEQGGQGVCLPNYEATCWLWGDPHYHSFDGRKFDFQGTCNYVLATTGCPGVSTQGLTPFTVTTKNQNRGNPAVSYVRVVTVAALGTNISIHKDEIGKVRVNGVLTALPVSVADGRISVAQGASKALLVADFGLQVSYDWNWRVDVTLPSSYHGAVCGLCGNMDRNPNNDQVFPNGTLAPSIPIWGGSWRAPGWDPLCWDECRGSCPTCPEDRLEQYEGPGFCGPLSSGTGGPFTTCHAHVPPESFFKGCVLDVCMGGGDRDILCKALASYVAACQAAGVVIEDWRAQVGCEITCPENSHYEVCGPPCPASCPSPAPLTTPAVCEGPCVEGCQCDAGFVLSADRCVPLNNGCGCWANGTYHEAGSEFWADGTCSQWCRCGPGGGSLVCTPASCGLGEVCGLLPSGQHGCQPVSTAECQAWGDPHYVTLDGHRFDFQGTCEYLLSAPCHGPPLGAENFTVTVANEHRGSQAVSYTRSVTLQIYNHSLTLSARWPRKLQVDGVFVALPFQLDSLLHAHLSGADVVVTTTSGLSLAFDGDSFVRLRVPAAYAASLCGLCGNYNQDPADDLKAVGGKPAGWQVGGAQGCGECVSKPCPSPCTPEQQESFGGPDACGVISATDGPLAPCHGLVPPAQYFQGCLLDACQVQGHPGGLCPAVATYVAACQAAGAQLGEWRRPDFCPLQCPAHSHYELCGDSCPVSCPSLSAPEGCESACREGCVCDAGFVLSGDTCVPVGQCGCLHDGRYYPLGEVFYPGPECERRCECGPGGHVTCQEGAACGPHEECRLEDGVQACHATGCGRCLANGGIHYITLDGRVYDLHGSCSYVLAQVCHPKPGDEDFSIVLEKNAAGDLQRLLVTVAGQVVSLAQGQQVTVDGEAVALPVAVGRVRVTAEGRNMVLQTTKGLRLLFDGDAHLLMSIPSPFRGRLCGLCGNFNGNWSDDFVLPNGSAASSVETFGAAWRAPGSSKGCGEGCGPQGCPVCLAEETAPYESNEACGQLRNPQGPFATCQAVLSPSEYFRQCVYDLCAQKGDKAFLCRSLAAYTAACQAAGVAVKPWRTDSFCPLHCPAHSHYSICTRTCQGSCAALSGLTGCTTRCFEGCECDDRFLLSQGVCIPVQDCGCTHNGRYLPVNSSLLTSDCSERCSCSSSSGLTCQAAGCPPGRVCEVKAEARNCWATRGLCVLSVGANLTTFDGARGATTSPGVYELSSRCPGLQNTIPWYRVVAEVQICHGKTEAVGQVHIFFQDGMVTLTPNKGVWVNGLRVDLPAEKLASVSVSRTPDGSLLVRQKAGVQVWLGANGKVAVIVSNDHAGKLCGACGNFDGDQTNDWHDSQEKPAMEKWRAQDFSPCYG*|MGALWSWWILWAGATLLWGLTQEASVDLKNTGREEFLTAFLQNYQLAYSKAYPRLLISSLSESPASVSILSQADNTSKKVTVRPGESVMVNISAKAEMIGSKIFQHAVVIHSDYAISVQALNAKPDTAELTLLRPIQALGTEYFVLTPPGTSARNVKEFAVVAGAAGASVSVTLKGSVTFNGKFYPAGDVLRVTLQPYNVAQLQSSVDLSGSKVTASSPVAVLSGHSCAQKHTTCNHVVEQLLPTSAWGTHYVVPTLASQSRYDLAFVVASQATKLTYNHGGITGSRGLQAGDVVEFEVRPSWPLYLSANVGIQVLLFGTGAIRNEVTYDPYLVLIPDVAAYCPAYVVKSVPGCEGVALVVAQTKAISGLTIDGHAVGAKLTWEAVPGSEFSYAEVELGTADMIHTAEATTNLGLLTFGLAKAIGYATAADCGRTVLSPVEPSCEGMQCAAGQRCQVVGGKAGCVAESTAVCRAQGDPHYTTFDGRRYDMMGTCSYTMVELCSEDDTLPAFSVEAKNEHRGSRRVSYVGLVTVRAYSHSVSLTRGEVGFVLVDNQRSRLPVSLSEGRLRVYQSGPRAVVELVFGLVVTYDWDCQLALSLPARFQDQVCGLCGNYNGDPADDFLTPDGALAPDAVEFASSWKLDDGDYLCEDGCQNNCPACTPGQAQHYEGDRLCGMLTKLDGPFAVCHDTLDPRPFLEQCVYDLCVVGGERLSLCRGLSAYAQACLELGISVGDWRSPANCPLSCPANSRYELCGPACPTSCNGAAAPSNCSGRPCVEGCVCLPGFVASGGACVPASSCGCTFQGLQLAPGQEVWADELCQRRCTCNGATHQVTCRDKQSCPAGERCSVQNGLLGCYPDRFGTCQGSGDPHYVSFDGRRFDFMGTCTYLLVGSCGQNAALPAFRVLVENEHRGSQTVSYTRAVRVEARGVKVAVRREYPGQVLVDDVLQYLPFQAADGQVQVFRQGRDAVVRTDFGLTVTYDWNARVTAKVPSSYAEALCGLCGNFNGDPADDLALRGGGQAANALAFGNSWQEETRPGCGATEPGDCPKLDSLVAQQLQSKNECGILADPKGPFRECHSKLDPQGAVRDCVYDRCLLPGQSGPLCDALATYAAACQAAGATVHPWRSEELCPLSCPPHSHYEACSYGCPLSCGDLPVPEGCESACREGCVCDAGFVLSGDTCVPVGQCGCLHDDRYYPLGQTFYPGPGCDSLCRCREGGEVSCEPSSCGPHETCRPSGGSLGCVAVGSTTCQASGDPHYTTFDGHRFDFMGTCVYVLAQTCGTRPGLHRFAVLQENVAWGNGRVSVTRVITVQVANFTLRLEQRQWKVTVNGVDMKLPVVLANGQIRASQHGSDVVIETDFGLRVAYDLVYYVRVTVPGNYYQLMCGLCGNYNGDPKDDFQKPNGSQAGNANEFGNSWEEVVSDSPCLPPPTCPPGSEGCIPSEECPPELEKKYQKEEFCGLLSSPTGPLSSCHKLVDPQGPLKDCIFDLCLGGGNLSILCSNIHAYVSACQVAGGHVEPWRNETFCPMECPQNSHYELCADTCSLGCSALSAPLQCPDGCAEGCQCDSGFLYNGQACVPIQQCGCYHNGAYYEPEQTVLIDNCRQQCTCHAGKVVVCQEHSCKPGQVCQPSGGILSCVTKDPCHGVTCRPQETCKEQGGQGVCLPNYEATCWLWGDPHYHSFDGRKFDFQGTCNYVLATTGCPGVSTQGLTPFTVTTKNQNRGNPAVSYVRVVTVAALGTNISIHKDEIGKVRVNGVLTALPVSVADGRISVTQGASKALLVADFGLQVSYDWNWRVDVTLPSSYHGAVCGLCGNMDRNPNNDQVFPNGTLAPSIPIWGGSWRAPGWDPLCWDECRGSCPTCPEDRLEQYEGPGFCGPLAPGTGGPFTTCHAHVPPESFFKGCVLDVCMGGGDRDILCKALASYVAACQAAGVVIEDWRAQVGCEITCPENSHYEVCGPPCPASCPSPAPLTTPAVCEGPCVEGCQCDAGFVLSADRCVPLNNGCGCWANGTYHEAGSEFWADGTCSQWCRCGPGGGSLVCTPASCGLGEVCGLLPSGQHGCQPVSTAECQAWGDPHYVTLDGHRFDFQGTCEYLLSAPCHGPPLGAENFTVTVANEHRGSQAVSYTRSVTLQIYNHSLTLSARWPRKLQVDGVFVTLPFQLDSLLHAHLSGADVVVTTTSGLSLAFDGDSFVRLRVPAAYAGSLCGLCGNYNQDPADDLKAVGGKPAGWQVGGAQGCGECVSKPCPSPCTPEQQESFGGPDACGVISATDGPLAPCHGLVPPAQYFQGCLLDACQVQGHPGGLCPAVATYVAACQAAGAQLREWRRPDFCPFQCPAHSHYELCGDSCPGSCPSLSAPEGCESACREGCVCDAGFVLSGDTCVPVGQCGCLHDDRYYPLGQTFYPGPGCDSLCRCREGGEVSCEPSSCGPHETCRPSGGSLGCVAVGSTTCQASGDPHYTTFDGHRFDFMGTCVYVLAQTCGTRPGLHRFAVLQENVAWGNGRVSVTRVITVQVANFTLRLEQRQWKVTVNGVDMKLPVVLANGQIRASQHGSDVVIETDFGLRVAYDLVYYVRVTVPGNYYQLMCGLCGNYNGDPKDDFQKPNGSQAGNANEFGNSWEEVVPDSPCLPPPTCPPGSAGCIPSDKCPPELEKKYQKEEFCGLLSSPTGPLSSCHKLVDPQGPLKDCIFDLCLGGGNLSILCSNIHAYVSACQAAGGHVEPWRNETFCPMECPQNSHYELCADTCSLGCSALSAPLQCPDGCAEGCQCDSGFLYNGQACVPIQQCGCYHNGVYYEPEQTVLIDNCRQQCTCHVGKVVVCQEHSCKPGQVCQPSGGILSCVTKDPCHGVTCRPQETCKEQGGQGVCLPNYEATCWLWGDPHYHSFDGRKFDFQGTCNYVLATTGCPGVSTQGLTPFTVTTKNQNRGNPAVSYVRVVTVAALGTNISIHKDEIGKVRVNGVLTALPVSVADGRISVAQGASKALLVADFGLQVSYDWNWRVDVTLPSSYHGAVCGLCGNMDRNPNNDQVFPNGTLAPSIPIWGGSWRAPGWDPLCWDECRGSCPTCPEDRLEQYEGPGFCGPLSSGTGGPFTTCHAHVPPESFFKGCVLDVCMGGGDRDILCKALASYVAACQAAGVVIEDWRAQVGCEITCPENSHYEVCGPPCPASCPSPAPLTTPAVCEGPCVEGCQCDAGFVLSADRCVPLNNGCGCWANGTYHEAGSEFWADGTCSQWCRCGPGGGSLVCTPASCGLGEVCGLLPSGQHGCQPVSTAECQAWGDPHYVTLDGHRFDFQGTCEYLLSAPCHGPPLGAENFTVTVANEHRGSQAVSYTRSVTLQIYNHSLTLSARWPRKLQVDGVFVALPFQLDSLLHAHLSGADVVVTTTSGLSLAFDGDSFVRLRVPAAYAASLCGLCGNYNQDPADDLKAVGGKPAGWQVGGAQGCGECVSKPCPSPCTPEQQESFGGPDACGVISATDGPLAPCHGLVPPAQYFQGCLLDACQVQGHPGGLCPAVATYVAACQAAGAQLGEWRRPDFCPLQCPAHSHYELCGDSCPVSCPSLSAPEGCESACREGCVCDAGFVLSGDTCVPVGQCGCLHDGRYYPLGEVFYPGPECERRCECGPGGHVTCQEGAACGPHEECRLEDGVQACHATGCGRCLANGGIHYITLDGRVYDLHGSCSYVLAQVCHPKPGDEDFSIVLEKNAAGHLQRLLVTVAGQVVSLAQGQQVTVDGEAVALPVAVGRVRVTAEGRNMVLQTTKGLRLLFDGDAHLLMSIPSPFRGRLCGLCGNFNGNWSDDFVLPNGSAASSVETFGAAWRAPGSSKGCGEGCGPQGCPVCLAEETAPYESNEACGQLRNPQGPFATCQAVLSPSEYFRQCVYDLCAQKGDKAFLCRSLAAYTAACQAAGVAVKPWRTDSFCPLHCPAHSHYSICTRTCQGSCAALSGLTGCTTRCFEGCECDDRFLLSQGVCIPVQDCGCTHNGRYLPVNSSLLTSDCSERCSCSSSSGLTCQAAGCPPGRVCEVKAEARNCWATRGLCVLSVGANLTTFDGARGATTSPGVYELSSRCPGLQNTIPWYRVVAEVQICHGKTEAVGQVHIFFQDGMVTLTPNKGVWVNGLRVDLPAEKLASVSVSRTPDGSLLVRQKAGVQVWLGANGKVAVIVSNDHAGKLCGACGNFDGDQTNDWHDSQEKPAMEKWRAQDFSPCYG*
chr19:40569803:G/A:1	chr19	40569803	G|A	1	SPTBN4	NM_020971	57731	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr19:40881190:A/T:1	chr19	40881190	A|T	1	CYP2A7	NM_000764	1549	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	399	None
chr19:40881190:A/T:1	chr19	40881190	A|T	1	CYP2A7	NM_030589	1549	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	562	None
chr19:41014829:G/T:1	chr19	41014829	G|T	1	CYP2B6	NM_000767	1555	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1817	None
chr19:41202176:C/T:1	chr19	41202176	C|T	1	CYP2S1	NM_030622	29785	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	804	None
chr19:43594870:C/A:1	chr19	43594870	C|A	1	ZNF576	NM_024327	79177	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:43594870:C/A:1	chr19	43594870	C|A	1	ZNF576	NM_001145347	79177	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:43594870:C/A:1	chr19	43594870	C|A	1	IRGQ	NM_001007561	126298	coding	625	469	157	G>C	nonsyn	None	MPPPQGDVTALFLGPPGLGKSALIAALCDKDVETLEAPEGRPDSGVPSLRAAGPGLFLGELSCPPAAPGPWAAEANVLVLVLPGPEGNGEPLAPALGEAALAALARGTPLLAVRNLRPGDSQTAAQARDQTAALLNSAGLGAADLFVLPANCGSSDGCEELERLRAALQSQAEALRRLLPPAQDGFEVLGAAELEAVREAFETGGLEAALSWVRSGLERLGSARLDLAVAGKADVGLVVDMLLGLDPGDPGAAPASVPTAPTPFPAPERPNVVLWTVPLGHTGTATTAAAASHPTHYDALILVTPGAPTEKDWAQVQALLLPDAPLVCVRTDGEGEDPECLGEGKMENPKGESLKNAGGGGLENALSKGREKCSAGSQKAGSGEGPGKAGSEGLQQVVGMKKSGGGDSERAAALSPEDETWEVLEEAPPPVFPLRPGGLPGLCEWLRRALPPAQAGALLLALPPASPSAARTKAAALRAGAWRPALLASLAAAAAPLPGLGWACDVALLRGQLAEWRRGLGLEPTALARRERALGLASGELAARAHFPGPVTRAEVEARLGAWAGEGTAGGAALGALSFLWPAGGAAATGGLGYRAAHGVLLQALDEMRADAEAVLAPPEPAQ*|MPPPQGDVTALFLGPPGLGKSALIAALCDKDVETLEAPEGRPDSGVPSLRAAGPGLFLGELSCPPAAPGPWAAEANVLVLVLPGPEGNGEPLAPALGEAALAALARGTPLLAVRNLRPGDSQTAAQARDQTAALLNSAGLGAADLFVLPANCGSSDCCEELERLRAALQSQAEALRRLLPPAQDGFEVLGAAELEAVREAFETGGLEAALSWVRSGLERLGSARLDLAVAGKADVGLVVDMLLGLDPGDPGAAPASVPTAPTPFPAPERPNVVLWTVPLGHTGTATTAAAASHPTHYDALILVTPGAPTEKDWAQVQALLLPDAPLVCVRTDGEGEDPECLGEGKMENPKGESLKNAGGGGLENALSKGREKCSAGSQKAGSGEGPGKAGSEGLQQVVGMKKSGGGDSERAAALSPEDETWEVLEEAPPPVFPLRPGGLPGLCEWLRRALPPAQAGALLLALPPASPSAARTKAAALRAGAWRPALLASLAAAAAPLPGLGWACDVALLRGQLAEWRRGLGLEPTALARRERALGLASGELAARAHFPGPVTRAEVEARLGAWAGEGTAGGAALGALSFLWPAGGAAATGGLGYRAAHGVLLQALDEMRADAEAVLAPPEPAQ*
chr19:45103617:C/A:1	chr19	45103617	C|A	1	PPP1R37	NM_019121	284352	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10090	None
chr19:47270389:C/A:1	chr19	47270389	C|A	1	CCDC9	NM_015603	26093	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	18	None
chr19:47437640:G/T:1	chr19	47437640	G|T	1	SLC8A2	NM_015063	6543	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr19:47675801:G/T:1	chr19	47675801	G|T	1	BICRA	NM_015711	29998	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	50	None
chr19:47950062:A/G:1	chr19	47950062	A|G	1	SNAR-C3	NR_024221	100170226	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:48599142:C/T:1	chr19	48599142	C|T	1	FAM83E	NM_017708	54854	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:48599142:C/T:1	chr19	48599142	C|T	1	SULT2B1	NM_004605	6820	coding	968	789	263	C>C	syn	None	MASPPPFHSQKLPGEYFRYKGVPFPVGLYSLESISLAENTQDVRDDDIFIITYPKSGTTWMIEIICLILKEGDPSWIRSVPIWERAPWCETIVGAFSLPDQYSPRLMSSHLPIQIFTKAFFSSKAKVIYMGRNPRDVVVSLYHYSKIAGQLKDPGTPDQFLRDFLKGEVQFGSWFDHIKGWLRMKGKDNFLFITYEELQQDLQGSVERICGFLGRPLGKEALGSVVAHSTFSAMKANTMSNYTLLPPSLLDHRRGAFLRKGVCGDWKNHFTVAQSEAFDRAYRKQMRGMPTFPWDEDPEEDGSPDPEPSPEPEPKPSLEPNTSLEREPRPNSSPSPSPGQASETPHPRPS*
chr19:48599142:C/T:1	chr19	48599142	C|T	1	SULT2B1	NM_177973	6820	coding	915	834	278	C>C	syn	None	MDGPAEPQIPGLWDTYEDDISEISQKLPGEYFRYKGVPFPVGLYSLESISLAENTQDVRDDDIFIITYPKSGTTWMIEIICLILKEGDPSWIRSVPIWERAPWCETIVGAFSLPDQYSPRLMSSHLPIQIFTKAFFSSKAKVIYMGRNPRDVVVSLYHYSKIAGQLKDPGTPDQFLRDFLKGEVQFGSWFDHIKGWLRMKGKDNFLFITYEELQQDLQGSVERICGFLGRPLGKEALGSVVAHSTFSAMKANTMSNYTLLPPSLLDHRRGAFLRKGVCGDWKNHFTVAQSEAFDRAYRKQMRGMPTFPWDEDPEEDGSPDPEPSPEPEPKPSLEPNTSLEREPRPNSSPSPSPGQASETPHPRPS*
chr19:48742399:A/G:1	chr19	48742399	A|G	1	RASIP1	NM_017805	54922	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:48742399:A/G:1	chr19	48742399	A|G	1	IZUMO1	NM_001321865	284359	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	90	None
chr19:48742399:A/G:1	chr19	48742399	A|G	1	IZUMO1	NM_001321864	284359	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	90	None
chr19:48742399:A/G:1	chr19	48742399	A|G	1	IZUMO1	NM_182575	284359	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	90	None
chr19:48742399:A/G:1	chr19	48742399	A|G	1	IZUMO1	NR_135832	284359	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	90	None
chr19:49625548:C/A:1	chr19	49625548	C|A	1	PRR12	NM_020719	57479	coding	6525	6052	2018	L>I	nonsyn	None	MDRNYPSAGFGDPLGAGAGWSYERSAKASLVYGSSRTSHPETDILHRQAYAAPHPLQSYATNHHPAGLSGLFDTGLHHAGSAGPDASVMNLISALESRGPQPGPSASSLLSQFRSPSWQTAMHTPGPTELFISGALPGSSTFPSSSALSAYQHPASFGSRPFPVPSSLSLQDPPFSPPANGLLSPHDVLHLKPSQAPTVPSSLGFERLAGGGVLGPAGLGPAQTPPYRPGPPDPPPPPRHLPTQFNLLASSSAAAAAAEQSSPQLYNFSGAAPGPPPPERALPRQDTVIKHYQRPASAQPPPPPPPAHALQHYLSCGGSYPSMGHRANLACSPLGGGEPSPGAGEPSKAGPSGATAGASGRATGPEAAGGGGAGGGGGGYRPIIQSPGYKTGKGGYGAAAGGATRPPPPRSTATPKCQSLGGPAAAYATGKASGAGGAGGQAYSPGQPQGLLGPQAYGQGFGGGQAQDLSKAPSYSGGPPQPPSGPPPPGLATCQSYSPDQLQGQLYGVQGEPYPGPAAHSQGLPTASPSLSYSTGHSPALSGHGGGWGPSSLGGGGEASPSHIIRPLQSPPATGRPPGVGSPGAPGKYLSSVLASAPFLAPPGAGSYAAGAGGYKGKGDGSELLAGPGGPPAERTEDEEFLIQHLLQAPSPPRTSGADGLVGEDGAADASKGLGGSGGAGGPPGTPYELAKEDPQRYHLQSVIRTSASLDEGATAALELGLGRLKEKKKGPERGGETPEGLATSVVHYGAGAKELGAFLQKSPPPPPPTAQSTQPTPHGLLLEAGGPDLPLVLPPPPPQLLPSVLSHAPSPSPSASKVGVHLLEPATRDGAPQPPPPPPPPPPPMPLQLEAHLRSHGLEPAAPSPRLRPEESLDPPGAMQELLGALEPLPPAPGDTGVGPPNSEGKDPAGAYRSPSPQGTKAPRFVPLTSICFPDSLLQDEERSFFPTMEEMFGGGAADDYGKAGPPEDEGDPKAGAGPPPGPPAYDPYGPYCPGRASGAGPETPGLGLDPNKPPELPSTVNAEPLGLIQSGPHQAAPPPPPPPPPPPAPASEPKGGLTSPIFCSTKPKKLLKTSSFHLLRRRDPPFQTPKKLYAQEYEFEADEDKADVPADIRLNPRRLPDLVSSCRSRPALSPLGDIDFCPPNPGPDGPRRRGRKPTKAKRDGPPRPRGRPRIRPLEVPTTAGPASASTPTDGAKKPRGRGRGRGRKAEEAGGTRLEPLKPLKIKLSVPKAGEGLGTSSGDAISGTDHNSLDSSLTREKIEAKIKEVEEKQPEMKSGFMASFLDFLKSGKRHPPLYQAGLTPPLSPPKSVPPSVPARGLQPQPPATPAVPHPPPSGAFGLGGALEAAESEGLGLGCPSPCKRLDEELKRNLETLPSFSSDEEDSVAKNRDLQESISSAISALDDPPLAGPKDTSTPDGPPLAPAAAVPGPPPLPGLPSANSNGTPEPPLLEEKPPPTPPPAPTPQPQPPPPPPPPQPALPSPPPLVAPTPSSPPPPPLPPPPPPAMPSPPPPPPPAAAPLAAPPEEPAAPSPEDPELPDTRPLHLAKKQETAAVCGETDEEAGESGGEGIFRERDEFVIRAEDIPSLKLALQTGREPPPIWRVQKALLQKFTPEIKDGQRQFCATSNYLGYFGDAKNRYQRLYVKFLENVNKKDYVRVCARKPWHRPPVPVRRSGQAKNPVSAGGSSAPPPKAPAPPPKPETPEKTTSEKPPEQTPETAMPEPPAPEKPSLLRPVEKEKEKEKVTRGERPLRGERATSGRQTRPERSLATGQPATSRLPKARPTKVKAEPPPKKRKKWLKEAGGNATAGGGPPGSSSDSESSPGAPSEDERAVPGRLLKTRAMREMYRSYVEMLVSTALDPDMIQALEDTHDELYLPPMRKIDGLLNEHKKKVLKRLSLSPALQDALHTFPQLQVEQSGEGSPEEGAVRLRPAGEPYNRKTLSKLKRSVVRAQEFKVELEKSGYYTLYHSLHHYKYHTFLRCRDQTLAIEGGAEDLGQEEVVQQCMRNQPWLEQLFDSFSDLLAQAQAHSRCG*|MDRNYPSAGFGDPLGAGAGWSYERSAKASLVYGSSRTSHPETDILHRQAYAAPHPLQSYATNHHPAGLSGLFDTGLHHAGSAGPDASVMNLISALESRGPQPGPSASSLLSQFRSPSWQTAMHTPGPTELFISGALPGSSTFPSSSALSAYQHPASFGSRPFPVPSSLSLQDPPFSPPANGLLSPHDVLHLKPSQAPTVPSSLGFERLAGGGVLGPAGLGPAQTPPYRPGPPDPPPPPRHLPTQFNLLASSSAAAAAAEQSSPQLYNFSGAAPGPPPPERALPRQDTVIKHYQRPASAQPPPPPPPAHALQHYLSCGGSYPSMGHRANLACSPLGGGEPSPGAGEPSKAGPSGATAGASGRATGPEAAGGGGAGGGGGGYRPIIQSPGYKTGKGGYGAAAGGATRPPPPRSTATPKCQSLGGPAAAYATGKASGAGGAGGQAYSPGQPQGLLGPQAYGQGFGGGQAQDLSKAPSYSGGPPQPPSGPPPPGLATCQSYSPDQLQGQLYGVQGEPYPGPAAHSQGLPTASPSLSYSTGHSPALSGHGGGWGPSSLGGGGEASPSHIIRPLQSPPATGRPPGVGSPGAPGKYLSSVLASAPFLAPPGAGSYAAGAGGYKGKGDGSELLAGPGGPPAERTEDEEFLIQHLLQAPSPPRTSGADGLVGEDGAADASKGLGGSGGAGGPPGTPYELAKEDPQRYHLQSVIRTSASLDEGATAALELGLGRLKEKKKGPERGGETPEGLATSVVHYGAGAKELGAFLQKSPPPPPPTAQSTQPTPHGLLLEAGGPDLPLVLPPPPPQLLPSVLSHAPSPSPSASKVGVHLLEPATRDGAPQPPPPPPPPPPPMPLQLEAHLRSHGLEPAAPSPRLRPEESLDPPGAMQELLGALEPLPPAPGDTGVGPPNSEGKDPAGAYRSPSPQGTKAPRFVPLTSICFPDSLLQDEERSFFPTMEEMFGGGAADDYGKAGPPEDEGDPKAGAGPPPGPPAYDPYGPYCPGRASGAGPETPGLGLDPNKPPELPSTVNAEPLGLIQSGPHQAAPPPPPPPPPPPAPASEPKGGLTSPIFCSTKPKKLLKTSSFHLLRRRDPPFQTPKKLYAQEYEFEADEDKADVPADIRLNPRRLPDLVSSCRSRPALSPLGDIDFCPPNPGPDGPRRRGRKPTKAKRDGPPRPRGRPRIRPLEVPTTAGPASASTPTDGAKKPRGRGRGRGRKAEEAGGTRLEPLKPLKIKLSVPKAGEGLGTSSGDAISGTDHNSLDSSLTREKIEAKIKEVEEKQPEMKSGFMASFLDFLKSGKRHPPLYQAGLTPPLSPPKSVPPSVPARGLQPQPPATPAVPHPPPSGAFGLGGALEAAESEGLGLGCPSPCKRLDEELKRNLETLPSFSSDEEDSVAKNRDLQESISSAISALDDPPLAGPKDTSTPDGPPLAPAAAVPGPPPLPGLPSANSNGTPEPPLLEEKPPPTPPPAPTPQPQPPPPPPPPQPALPSPPPLVAPTPSSPPPPPLPPPPPPAMPSPPPPPPPAAAPLAAPPEEPAAPSPEDPELPDTRPLHLAKKQETAAVCGETDEEAGESGGEGIFRERDEFVIRAEDIPSLKLALQTGREPPPIWRVQKALLQKFTPEIKDGQRQFCATSNYLGYFGDAKNRYQRLYVKFLENVNKKDYVRVCARKPWHRPPVPVRRSGQAKNPVSAGGSSAPPPKAPAPPPKPETPEKTTSEKPPEQTPETAMPEPPAPEKPSLLRPVEKEKEKEKVTRGERPLRGERATSGRQTRPERSLATGQPATSRLPKARPTKVKAEPPPKKRKKWLKEAGGNATAGGGPPGSSSDSESSPGAPSEDERAVPGRLLKTRAMREMYRSYVEMLVSTALDPDMIQALEDTHDELYLPPMRKIDGLLNEHKKKVLKRLSLSPALQDALHTFPQLQVEQSGEGSPEEGAVRLRPAGEPYNRKTLSKLKRSVVRAQEFKVELEKSGYYTLYHSLHHYKYHTFLRCRDQTLAIEGGAEDLGQEEVVQQCMRNQPWLEQIFDSFSDLLAQAQAHSRCG*
chr19:49830773:C/A:1	chr19	49830773	C|A	1	MIR6800	NR_106858	102465480	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:49830773:C/A:1	chr19	49830773	C|A	1	MED25	NM_030973	81857	coding	1050	987	329	P>P	syn	None	MVPGSEGPARAGSVVADVVFVIEGTANLGPYFEGLRKHYLLPAIEYFNGGPPAETDFGGDYGGTQYSLVVFNTVDCAPESYVQCHAPTSSAYEFVTWLDGIKFMGGGGESCSLIAEGLSTALQLFDDFKKMREQIGQTHRVCLLICNSPPYLLPAVESTTYSGCTTENLVQQIGERGIHFSIVSPRKLPALRLLFEKAAPPALLEPLQPPTDVSQDPRHMVLVRGLVLPVGGGSAPGPLQSKQPVPLPPAAPSGATLSAAPQQPLPPVPPQYQVPGNLSAAQVAAQNAVEAAKNQKAGLGPRFSPITPLQQAAPGVGPPFSQAPAPQLPPGPPGAPKPPPASQPSLVSTVAPGSGLAPTAQPGAPSMAGTVAPGGVSGPSPAQLGAPALGGQQSVSNKLLAWSGVLEWQEKPKPASVDANTKLTRSLPCQVYVNHGENLKTEQWPQKLIMQLIPQQLLTTLGPLFRNSRMVQFHFTNKDLESLKGLYRIMGNGFAGCVHFPHTAPCEVRVLMLLYSSKKKIFMGLIPYDQSGFVNGIRQVITNHKQVQQQKLEQQQRGMGGQQAPPGLGPILEDQARPSQNLLQLRPPQPQPQGTVGASGATGQPQPQGTAQPPPGAPQGPPGAASGPPPPGPILRPQNPGANPQLRSLLLNPPPPQTGVPPPQASLHHLQPPGAPALLPPPHQGLGQPQLGPPLLHPPPAQSWPAQLPPRAPLPGQMLLSGGPRGPVPQPGLQPSVMEDDILMDLI*
chr19:50793744:C/A:1	chr19	50793744	C|A	1	ACP4	NM_033068	93650	coding	706	706	236	Q>K	nonsyn	None	MAGLGFWGHPAGPLLLLLLLVLPPRALPEGPLVFVALVFRHGDRAPLASYPMDPHKEVASTLWPRGLGQLTTEGVRQQLELGRFLRSRYEAFLSPEYRREEVYIRSTDFDRTLESAQANLAGLFPEAAPGSPEARWRPIPVHTVPVAEDKLLRFPMRSCPRYHELLREATEAAEYQEALEGWTGFLSRLENFTGLSLVGEPLRRAWKVLDTLMCQQAHGLPLPAWASPDVLRTLAQISALDIGAHVGPPRAAEKAQLTGGILLNAILANFSRVQRLGLPLKMVMYSAHDSTLLALQGALGLYDGHTPPYAACLGFEFRKHLGNPAKDGGNVTVSLFYRNDSAHLPLPLSLPGCPAPCPLGRFYQLTAPARPPAHGVSCHGPYEAAIPPAPVVPLLAGAVAVLVALSLGLGLLAWRPGCLRALGGPV*|MAGLGFWGHPAGPLLLLLLLVLPPRALPEGPLVFVALVFRHGDRAPLASYPMDPHKEVASTLWPRGLGQLTTEGVRQQLELGRFLRSRYEAFLSPEYRREEVYIRSTDFDRTLESAQANLAGLFPEAAPGSPEARWRPIPVHTVPVAEDKLLRFPMRSCPRYHELLREATEAAEYQEALEGWTGFLSRLENFTGLSLVGEPLRRAWKVLDTLMCQQAHGLPLPAWASPDVLRTLAKISALDIGAHVGPPRAAEKAQLTGGILLNAILANFSRVQRLGLPLKMVMYSAHDSTLLALQGALGLYDGHTPPYAACLGFEFRKHLGNPAKDGGNVTVSLFYRNDSAHLPLPLSLPGCPAPCPLGRFYQLTAPARPPAHGVSCHGPYEAAIPPAPVVPLLAGAVAVLVALSLGLGLLAWRPGCLRALGGPV*
chr19:52215622:C/T:1	chr19	52215622	C|T	1	PPP2R1A	NM_001363656	5518	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr19:52215622:C/T:1	chr19	52215622	C|T	1	PPP2R1A	NM_014225	5518	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr19:52215622:C/T:1	chr19	52215622	C|T	1	PPP2R1A	NR_033500	5518	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr19:52788272:C/A:1	chr19	52788272	C|A	1	ZNF600	NM_001321866	162966	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:52788272:C/A:1	chr19	52788272	C|A	1	ZNF600	NM_001321867	162966	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:52788272:C/A:1	chr19	52788272	C|A	1	ZNF600	NM_198457	162966	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:54201442:G/T:1	chr19	54201442	G|T	1	RPS9	NM_001013	6203	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr19:54201442:G/T:1	chr19	54201442	G|T	1	RPS9	NM_001321701	6203	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr19:54201442:G/T:1	chr19	54201442	G|T	1	RPS9	NM_001321702	6203	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr19:54201442:G/T:1	chr19	54201442	G|T	1	RPS9	NM_001321704	6203	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr19:54201442:G/T:1	chr19	54201442	G|T	1	RPS9	NM_001321706	6203	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr19:54201442:G/T:1	chr19	54201442	G|T	1	RPS9	NR_135762	6203	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr19:54201442:G/T:1	chr19	54201442	G|T	1	RPS9	NR_135763	6203	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr19:54201442:G/T:1	chr19	54201442	G|T	1	RPS9	NM_001321705	6203	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	161	None
chr19:54217221:A/G:1	chr19	54217221	A|G	1	LILRB3	NR_135493	11025	non-coding	1907	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:54217221:A/G:1	chr19	54217221	A|G	1	LILRB3	NR_135494	11025	non-coding	1740	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:54217221:A/G:1	chr19	54217221	A|G	1	LILRB3	NR_135495	11025	non-coding	1799	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:54217221:A/G:1	chr19	54217221	A|G	1	LILRB3	NR_135496	11025	non-coding	1962	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:54217221:A/G:1	chr19	54217221	A|G	1	LILRB3	NM_001081450	11025	coding	1882	1771	591	S>P	nonsyn	None	MTPALTALLCLGLSLGPRTRMQAGPFPKPTLWAEPGSVISWGSPVTIWCQGSLEAQEYQLDKEGSPEPWDRNNPLEPKNKARFSIPSMTQHHAGRYRCHYYSSAGWSEPSDPLELVMTGFYNKPTLSALPSPVVASGGNMTLRCGSQKGYHHFVLMKEGEHQLPRTLDSQQLHSGGFQALFPVGPVTPSHRWRFTCYYYYTNTPWVWSHPSDPLEILPSGVSRKPSLLTLQGPVLAPGQSLTLQCGSDVGYDRFVLYKEGERDFLQRPGQQPQAGLSQANFTLGPVSRSYGGQYRCYGAHNLSSEWSAPSDPLDILITGQIYDTVSLSAQPGPTVASGENMTLLCQSRGYFDTFLLTKEGAAHPPLRLRSMYGAHKYQAEFPMSPVTSAHAGTYRCYGSRSSNPHLLSFPSEPLELMVSGHSGGSSLPPTGPPSTPGLGRYLEVLIGVSVAFVLLLFLLLFLLLLRQRHSKHRTSDQRKTDFQRPAGAAETEPKDRGLLRRSSPAADVQEENLYAAVKDTQSEDRVELDSQQSPHDEDPQAVTYAPVKHSSPRREMASPPSSLSGEFLDTKDRQVEEDRQMDTEAAASEASQDVTYAQLHSLTLRRKATEPPPSQEGEPPAEPSIYATLAIH*|MTPALTALLCLGLSLGPRTRMQAGPFPKPTLWAEPGSVISWGSPVTIWCQGSLEAQEYQLDKEGSPEPWDRNNPLEPKNKARFSIPSMTQHHAGRYRCHYYSSAGWSEPSDPLELVMTGFYNKPTLSALPSPVVASGGNMTLRCGSQKGYHHFVLMKEGEHQLPRTLDSQQLHSGGFQALFPVGPVTPSHRWRFTCYYYYTNTPWVWSHPSDPLEILPSGVSRKPSLLTLQGPVLAPGQSLTLQCGSDVGYDRFVLYKEGERDFLQRPGQQPQAGLSQANFTLGPVSRSYGGQYRCYGAHNLSSEWSAPSDPLDILITGQIYDTVSLSAQPGPTVASGENMTLLCQSRGYFDTFLLTKEGAAHPPLRLRSMYGAHKYQAEFPMSPVTSAHAGTYRCYGSRSSNPHLLSFPSEPLELMVSGHSGGSSLPPTGPPSTPGLGRYLEVLIGVSVAFVLLLFLLLFLLLLRQRHSKHRTSDQRKTDFQRPAGAAETEPKDRGLLRRSSPAADVQEENLYAAVKDTQSEDRVELDSQQSPHDEDPQAVTYAPVKHSSPRREMASPPSSLSGEFLDTKDRQVEEDRQMDTEAAASEAPQDVTYAQLHSLTLRRKATEPPPSQEGEPPAEPSIYATLAIH*
chr19:54217221:A/G:1	chr19	54217221	A|G	1	LILRB3	NM_001320960	11025	coding	1930	1819	607	S>P	nonsyn	None	MTPALTALLCLGLSLGPRTRMQAGPFPKPTLWAEPGSVISWGSPVTIWCQGSLEAQEYQLDKEGSPEPWDRNNPLEPKNKARFSIPSMTQHHAGRYRCHYYSSAGWSEPSDPLELVMTGFYNKPTLSALPSPVVASGGNMTLRCGSQKGYHHFVLMKEGEHQLPRTLDSQQLHSGGFQALFPVGPVTPSHRWRFTCYYYYTNTPWVWSHPSDPLEILPSGVSRKPSLLTLQGPVLAPGQSLTLQCGSDVGYDRFVLYKEGERDFLQRPGQQPQAGLSQANFTLGPVSRSYGGQYRCYGAHNLSSEWSAPSDPLDILITGQIYDTVSLSAQPGPTVASGENMTLLCQSRGYFDTFLLTKEGAAHPPLRLRSMYGAHKYQAEFPMSPVTSAHAGTYRCYGSRSSNPHLLSFPSEPLELMVSGHSGGSSLPPTGPPSTPGGPEDQPLNPPGSGPQNGLGRYLEVLIGVSVAFVLLLFLLLFLLLLRQRHSKHRTSDQRKTDFQRPAGAAETEPKDRGLLRRSSPAADVQEENLYAAVKDTQSEDRVELDSQSPHDEDPQAVTYAPVKHSSPRREMASPPSSLSGEFLDTKDRQVEEDRQMDTEAAASEASQDVTYAQLHSLTLRRKATEPPPSQEGEPPAEPSIYATLAIH*|MTPALTALLCLGLSLGPRTRMQAGPFPKPTLWAEPGSVISWGSPVTIWCQGSLEAQEYQLDKEGSPEPWDRNNPLEPKNKARFSIPSMTQHHAGRYRCHYYSSAGWSEPSDPLELVMTGFYNKPTLSALPSPVVASGGNMTLRCGSQKGYHHFVLMKEGEHQLPRTLDSQQLHSGGFQALFPVGPVTPSHRWRFTCYYYYTNTPWVWSHPSDPLEILPSGVSRKPSLLTLQGPVLAPGQSLTLQCGSDVGYDRFVLYKEGERDFLQRPGQQPQAGLSQANFTLGPVSRSYGGQYRCYGAHNLSSEWSAPSDPLDILITGQIYDTVSLSAQPGPTVASGENMTLLCQSRGYFDTFLLTKEGAAHPPLRLRSMYGAHKYQAEFPMSPVTSAHAGTYRCYGSRSSNPHLLSFPSEPLELMVSGHSGGSSLPPTGPPSTPGGPEDQPLNPPGSGPQNGLGRYLEVLIGVSVAFVLLLFLLLFLLLLRQRHSKHRTSDQRKTDFQRPAGAAETEPKDRGLLRRSSPAADVQEENLYAAVKDTQSEDRVELDSQSPHDEDPQAVTYAPVKHSSPRREMASPPSSLSGEFLDTKDRQVEEDRQMDTEAAASEAPQDVTYAQLHSLTLRRKATEPPPSQEGEPPAEPSIYATLAIH*
chr19:54217221:A/G:1	chr19	54217221	A|G	1	LILRB3	NM_006864	11025	coding	1879	1768	590	S>P	nonsyn	None	MTPALTALLCLGLSLGPRTRMQAGPFPKPTLWAEPGSVISWGSPVTIWCQGSLEAQEYQLDKEGSPEPWDRNNPLEPKNKARFSIPSMTQHHAGRYRCHYYSSAGWSEPSDPLELVMTGFYNKPTLSALPSPVVASGGNMTLRCGSQKGYHHFVLMKEGEHQLPRTLDSQQLHSGGFQALFPVGPVTPSHRWRFTCYYYYTNTPWVWSHPSDPLEILPSGVSRKPSLLTLQGPVLAPGQSLTLQCGSDVGYDRFVLYKEGERDFLQRPGQQPQAGLSQANFTLGPVSRSYGGQYRCYGAHNLSSEWSAPSDPLDILITGQIYDTVSLSAQPGPTVASGENMTLLCQSRGYFDTFLLTKEGAAHPPLRLRSMYGAHKYQAEFPMSPVTSAHAGTYRCYGSRSSNPHLLSFPSEPLELMVSGHSGGSSLPPTGPPSTPGLGRYLEVLIGVSVAFVLLLFLLLFLLLLRQRHSKHRTSDQRKTDFQRPAGAAETEPKDRGLLRRSSPAADVQEENLYAAVKDTQSEDRVELDSQSPHDEDPQAVTYAPVKHSSPRREMASPPSSLSGEFLDTKDRQVEEDRQMDTEAAASEASQDVTYAQLHSLTLRRKATEPPPSQEGEPPAEPSIYATLAIH*|MTPALTALLCLGLSLGPRTRMQAGPFPKPTLWAEPGSVISWGSPVTIWCQGSLEAQEYQLDKEGSPEPWDRNNPLEPKNKARFSIPSMTQHHAGRYRCHYYSSAGWSEPSDPLELVMTGFYNKPTLSALPSPVVASGGNMTLRCGSQKGYHHFVLMKEGEHQLPRTLDSQQLHSGGFQALFPVGPVTPSHRWRFTCYYYYTNTPWVWSHPSDPLEILPSGVSRKPSLLTLQGPVLAPGQSLTLQCGSDVGYDRFVLYKEGERDFLQRPGQQPQAGLSQANFTLGPVSRSYGGQYRCYGAHNLSSEWSAPSDPLDILITGQIYDTVSLSAQPGPTVASGENMTLLCQSRGYFDTFLLTKEGAAHPPLRLRSMYGAHKYQAEFPMSPVTSAHAGTYRCYGSRSSNPHLLSFPSEPLELMVSGHSGGSSLPPTGPPSTPGLGRYLEVLIGVSVAFVLLLFLLLFLLLLRQRHSKHRTSDQRKTDFQRPAGAAETEPKDRGLLRRSSPAADVQEENLYAAVKDTQSEDRVELDSQSPHDEDPQAVTYAPVKHSSPRREMASPPSSLSGEFLDTKDRQVEEDRQMDTEAAASEAPQDVTYAQLHSLTLRRKATEPPPSQEGEPPAEPSIYATLAIH*
chr19:54221926:G/T:1	chr19	54221926	G|T	1	LILRB3	NM_001081450	11025	coding	671	560	187	T>N	nonsyn	None	MTPALTALLCLGLSLGPRTRMQAGPFPKPTLWAEPGSVISWGSPVTIWCQGSLEAQEYQLDKEGSPEPWDRNNPLEPKNKARFSIPSMTQHHAGRYRCHYYSSAGWSEPSDPLELVMTGFYNKPTLSALPSPVVASGGNMTLRCGSQKGYHHFVLMKEGEHQLPRTLDSQQLHSGGFQALFPVGPVTPSHRWRFTCYYYYTNTPWVWSHPSDPLEILPSGVSRKPSLLTLQGPVLAPGQSLTLQCGSDVGYDRFVLYKEGERDFLQRPGQQPQAGLSQANFTLGPVSRSYGGQYRCYGAHNLSSEWSAPSDPLDILITGQIYDTVSLSAQPGPTVASGENMTLLCQSRGYFDTFLLTKEGAAHPPLRLRSMYGAHKYQAEFPMSPVTSAHAGTYRCYGSRSSNPHLLSFPSEPLELMVSGHSGGSSLPPTGPPSTPGLGRYLEVLIGVSVAFVLLLFLLLFLLLLRQRHSKHRTSDQRKTDFQRPAGAAETEPKDRGLLRRSSPAADVQEENLYAAVKDTQSEDRVELDSQQSPHDEDPQAVTYAPVKHSSPRREMASPPSSLSGEFLDTKDRQVEEDRQMDTEAAASEASQDVTYAQLHSLTLRRKATEPPPSQEGEPPAEPSIYATLAIH*|MTPALTALLCLGLSLGPRTRMQAGPFPKPTLWAEPGSVISWGSPVTIWCQGSLEAQEYQLDKEGSPEPWDRNNPLEPKNKARFSIPSMTQHHAGRYRCHYYSSAGWSEPSDPLELVMTGFYNKPTLSALPSPVVASGGNMTLRCGSQKGYHHFVLMKEGEHQLPRTLDSQQLHSGGFQALFPVGPVNPSHRWRFTCYYYYTNTPWVWSHPSDPLEILPSGVSRKPSLLTLQGPVLAPGQSLTLQCGSDVGYDRFVLYKEGERDFLQRPGQQPQAGLSQANFTLGPVSRSYGGQYRCYGAHNLSSEWSAPSDPLDILITGQIYDTVSLSAQPGPTVASGENMTLLCQSRGYFDTFLLTKEGAAHPPLRLRSMYGAHKYQAEFPMSPVTSAHAGTYRCYGSRSSNPHLLSFPSEPLELMVSGHSGGSSLPPTGPPSTPGLGRYLEVLIGVSVAFVLLLFLLLFLLLLRQRHSKHRTSDQRKTDFQRPAGAAETEPKDRGLLRRSSPAADVQEENLYAAVKDTQSEDRVELDSQQSPHDEDPQAVTYAPVKHSSPRREMASPPSSLSGEFLDTKDRQVEEDRQMDTEAAASEASQDVTYAQLHSLTLRRKATEPPPSQEGEPPAEPSIYATLAIH*
chr19:54221926:G/T:1	chr19	54221926	G|T	1	LILRB3	NM_001320960	11025	coding	671	560	187	T>N	nonsyn	None	MTPALTALLCLGLSLGPRTRMQAGPFPKPTLWAEPGSVISWGSPVTIWCQGSLEAQEYQLDKEGSPEPWDRNNPLEPKNKARFSIPSMTQHHAGRYRCHYYSSAGWSEPSDPLELVMTGFYNKPTLSALPSPVVASGGNMTLRCGSQKGYHHFVLMKEGEHQLPRTLDSQQLHSGGFQALFPVGPVTPSHRWRFTCYYYYTNTPWVWSHPSDPLEILPSGVSRKPSLLTLQGPVLAPGQSLTLQCGSDVGYDRFVLYKEGERDFLQRPGQQPQAGLSQANFTLGPVSRSYGGQYRCYGAHNLSSEWSAPSDPLDILITGQIYDTVSLSAQPGPTVASGENMTLLCQSRGYFDTFLLTKEGAAHPPLRLRSMYGAHKYQAEFPMSPVTSAHAGTYRCYGSRSSNPHLLSFPSEPLELMVSGHSGGSSLPPTGPPSTPGGPEDQPLNPPGSGPQNGLGRYLEVLIGVSVAFVLLLFLLLFLLLLRQRHSKHRTSDQRKTDFQRPAGAAETEPKDRGLLRRSSPAADVQEENLYAAVKDTQSEDRVELDSQSPHDEDPQAVTYAPVKHSSPRREMASPPSSLSGEFLDTKDRQVEEDRQMDTEAAASEASQDVTYAQLHSLTLRRKATEPPPSQEGEPPAEPSIYATLAIH*|MTPALTALLCLGLSLGPRTRMQAGPFPKPTLWAEPGSVISWGSPVTIWCQGSLEAQEYQLDKEGSPEPWDRNNPLEPKNKARFSIPSMTQHHAGRYRCHYYSSAGWSEPSDPLELVMTGFYNKPTLSALPSPVVASGGNMTLRCGSQKGYHHFVLMKEGEHQLPRTLDSQQLHSGGFQALFPVGPVNPSHRWRFTCYYYYTNTPWVWSHPSDPLEILPSGVSRKPSLLTLQGPVLAPGQSLTLQCGSDVGYDRFVLYKEGERDFLQRPGQQPQAGLSQANFTLGPVSRSYGGQYRCYGAHNLSSEWSAPSDPLDILITGQIYDTVSLSAQPGPTVASGENMTLLCQSRGYFDTFLLTKEGAAHPPLRLRSMYGAHKYQAEFPMSPVTSAHAGTYRCYGSRSSNPHLLSFPSEPLELMVSGHSGGSSLPPTGPPSTPGGPEDQPLNPPGSGPQNGLGRYLEVLIGVSVAFVLLLFLLLFLLLLRQRHSKHRTSDQRKTDFQRPAGAAETEPKDRGLLRRSSPAADVQEENLYAAVKDTQSEDRVELDSQSPHDEDPQAVTYAPVKHSSPRREMASPPSSLSGEFLDTKDRQVEEDRQMDTEAAASEASQDVTYAQLHSLTLRRKATEPPPSQEGEPPAEPSIYATLAIH*
chr19:54221926:G/T:1	chr19	54221926	G|T	1	LILRB3	NM_006864	11025	coding	671	560	187	T>N	nonsyn	None	MTPALTALLCLGLSLGPRTRMQAGPFPKPTLWAEPGSVISWGSPVTIWCQGSLEAQEYQLDKEGSPEPWDRNNPLEPKNKARFSIPSMTQHHAGRYRCHYYSSAGWSEPSDPLELVMTGFYNKPTLSALPSPVVASGGNMTLRCGSQKGYHHFVLMKEGEHQLPRTLDSQQLHSGGFQALFPVGPVTPSHRWRFTCYYYYTNTPWVWSHPSDPLEILPSGVSRKPSLLTLQGPVLAPGQSLTLQCGSDVGYDRFVLYKEGERDFLQRPGQQPQAGLSQANFTLGPVSRSYGGQYRCYGAHNLSSEWSAPSDPLDILITGQIYDTVSLSAQPGPTVASGENMTLLCQSRGYFDTFLLTKEGAAHPPLRLRSMYGAHKYQAEFPMSPVTSAHAGTYRCYGSRSSNPHLLSFPSEPLELMVSGHSGGSSLPPTGPPSTPGLGRYLEVLIGVSVAFVLLLFLLLFLLLLRQRHSKHRTSDQRKTDFQRPAGAAETEPKDRGLLRRSSPAADVQEENLYAAVKDTQSEDRVELDSQSPHDEDPQAVTYAPVKHSSPRREMASPPSSLSGEFLDTKDRQVEEDRQMDTEAAASEASQDVTYAQLHSLTLRRKATEPPPSQEGEPPAEPSIYATLAIH*|MTPALTALLCLGLSLGPRTRMQAGPFPKPTLWAEPGSVISWGSPVTIWCQGSLEAQEYQLDKEGSPEPWDRNNPLEPKNKARFSIPSMTQHHAGRYRCHYYSSAGWSEPSDPLELVMTGFYNKPTLSALPSPVVASGGNMTLRCGSQKGYHHFVLMKEGEHQLPRTLDSQQLHSGGFQALFPVGPVNPSHRWRFTCYYYYTNTPWVWSHPSDPLEILPSGVSRKPSLLTLQGPVLAPGQSLTLQCGSDVGYDRFVLYKEGERDFLQRPGQQPQAGLSQANFTLGPVSRSYGGQYRCYGAHNLSSEWSAPSDPLDILITGQIYDTVSLSAQPGPTVASGENMTLLCQSRGYFDTFLLTKEGAAHPPLRLRSMYGAHKYQAEFPMSPVTSAHAGTYRCYGSRSSNPHLLSFPSEPLELMVSGHSGGSSLPPTGPPSTPGLGRYLEVLIGVSVAFVLLLFLLLFLLLLRQRHSKHRTSDQRKTDFQRPAGAAETEPKDRGLLRRSSPAADVQEENLYAAVKDTQSEDRVELDSQSPHDEDPQAVTYAPVKHSSPRREMASPPSSLSGEFLDTKDRQVEEDRQMDTEAAASEASQDVTYAQLHSLTLRRKATEPPPSQEGEPPAEPSIYATLAIH*
chr19:54221926:G/T:1	chr19	54221926	G|T	1	LILRB3	NR_135493	11025	non-coding	671	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:54221926:G/T:1	chr19	54221926	G|T	1	LILRB3	NR_135495	11025	non-coding	671	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:54221926:G/T:1	chr19	54221926	G|T	1	LILRB3	NR_135494	11025	non-coding	671	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:54221926:G/T:1	chr19	54221926	G|T	1	LILRB3	NR_135496	11025	non-coding	671	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:54222987:C/T:1	chr19	54222987	C|T	1	LILRB3	NR_135493	11025	non-coding	101	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:54222987:C/T:1	chr19	54222987	C|T	1	LILRB3	NR_135494	11025	non-coding	101	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:54222987:C/T:1	chr19	54222987	C|T	1	LILRB3	NR_135495	11025	non-coding	101	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:54222987:C/T:1	chr19	54222987	C|T	1	LILRB3	NR_135496	11025	non-coding	101	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:54222987:C/T:1	chr19	54222987	C|T	1	LILRB3	NM_001081450	11025	5utr	101	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:54222987:C/T:1	chr19	54222987	C|T	1	LILRB3	NM_001320960	11025	5utr	101	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:54222987:C/T:1	chr19	54222987	C|T	1	LILRB3	NM_006864	11025	5utr	101	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:54307267:G/A:1	chr19	54307267	G|A	1	LILRA5	NM_021250	353514	3utr	1166	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:54307267:G/A:1	chr19	54307267	G|A	1	LILRA5	NM_181985	353514	3utr	1130	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:54454348:T/C:1	chr19	54454348	T|C	1	LENG8	NM_052925	114823	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	82	None
chr19:54742741:T/A:1	chr19	54742741	T|A	1	KIR2DS5	NM_014513	3810	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	18211	None
chr19:54742741:T/A:1	chr19	54742741	T|A	1	KIR2DS2	NM_001291696	100132285	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1054	None
chr19:54742741:T/A:1	chr19	54742741	T|A	1	KIR2DS2	NM_001291700	100132285	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3199	None
chr19:54742741:T/A:1	chr19	54742741	T|A	1	KIR2DS2	NM_001291695	100132285	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	462	None
chr19:54742741:T/A:1	chr19	54742741	T|A	1	KIR2DS2	NM_001291701	100132285	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	462	None
chr19:54742741:T/A:1	chr19	54742741	T|A	1	LOC102725023	NM_001360171	102725023	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	462	None
chr19:54742741:T/A:1	chr19	54742741	T|A	1	KIR2DS2	NM_012312	100132285	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	462	None
chr19:54742741:T/A:1	chr19	54742741	T|A	1	KIR2DS3	NM_012313	3808	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	462	None
chr19:54742741:T/A:1	chr19	54742741	T|A	1	KIR2DL1	NM_014218	3802	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	462	None
chr19:54742741:T/A:1	chr19	54742741	T|A	1	KIR2DL2	NM_014219	3803	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	462	None
chr19:54742741:T/A:1	chr19	54742741	T|A	1	KIR2DL3	NM_015868	3804	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	462	None
chr19:54758198:G/C:1	chr19	54758198	G|C	1	KIR2DS5	NM_014513	3810	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	12651	None
chr19:54758198:G/C:1	chr19	54758198	G|C	1	KIR2DS2	NM_001291700	100132285	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	18656	None
chr19:54758198:G/C:1	chr19	54758198	G|C	1	KIR2DL1	NM_014218	3802	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5693	None
chr19:54758198:G/C:1	chr19	54758198	G|C	1	KIR2DL2	NM_014219	3803	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14110	None
chr19:54758198:G/C:1	chr19	54758198	G|C	1	KIR2DS2	NM_001291695	100132285	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14110	None
chr19:54758198:G/C:1	chr19	54758198	G|C	1	KIR2DS2	NM_001291696	100132285	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14110	None
chr19:54758198:G/C:1	chr19	54758198	G|C	1	LOC102725023	NM_001360171	102725023	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14110	None
chr19:54758198:G/C:1	chr19	54758198	G|C	1	KIR2DS2	NM_012312	100132285	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14110	None
chr19:54758198:G/C:1	chr19	54758198	G|C	1	KIR2DS3	NM_012313	3808	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14110	None
chr19:54758198:G/C:1	chr19	54758198	G|C	1	KIR2DS2	NM_001291701	100132285	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14110	None
chr19:54758198:G/C:1	chr19	54758198	G|C	1	LOC112267881	NM_001368251	112267881	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	410	None
chr19:54758198:G/C:1	chr19	54758198	G|C	1	KIR2DL3	NM_015868	3804	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	410	None
chr19:54758198:G/C:1	chr19	54758198	G|C	1	KIR2DS1	NM_014512	3806	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2049	None
chr19:54758198:G/C:1	chr19	54758198	G|C	1	LOC101928804	NR_110738	101928804	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:55371107:G/T:1	chr19	55371107	G|T	1	IL11	NM_000641	3589	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:55371107:G/T:1	chr19	55371107	G|T	1	IL11	NM_001267718	3589	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:57704603:C/A:1	chr19	57704603	C|A	1	ZNF154	NM_001085384	7710	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	250	None
chr19:57704603:C/A:1	chr19	57704603	C|A	1	ZNF154	NR_110974	7710	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	250	None
chr19:57704603:C/A:1	chr19	57704603	C|A	1	ZNF154	NR_110975	7710	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	250	None
chr19:57814755:G/T:1	chr19	57814755	G|T	1	ZNF552	NM_024762	79818	5utr	159	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr19:58063587:G/T:1	chr19	58063587	G|T	1	ZNF135	NM_001164527	7694	coding	341	338	113	C>F	nonsyn	None	MELGSRRRSVGCRCRGLCLAVRREQVTFEDVVVGFSQEEWGQLKPAQRTLYRDVMLDTFRLLVSVGHWLPKPNVISLLEQEAELWAVESRLPQGVYPGEMGALRGREKPVHACFLVSPSASAL*|MELGSRRRSVGCRCRGLCLAVRREQVTFEDVVVGFSQEEWGQLKPAQRTLYRDVMLDTFRLLVSVGHWLPKPNVISLLEQEAELWAVESRLPQGVYPGEMGALRGREKPVHAFFLVSPSASAL*
chr19:58063587:G/T:1	chr19	58063587	G|T	1	ZNF135	NM_003436	7694	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46	None
chr19:58063587:G/T:1	chr19	58063587	G|T	1	ZNF135	NM_007134	7694	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46	None
chr19:58063587:G/T:1	chr19	58063587	G|T	1	ZNF135	NM_001164530	7694	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46	None
chr19:58063587:G/T:1	chr19	58063587	G|T	1	ZNF135	NM_001289401	7694	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46	None
chr19:58063587:G/T:1	chr19	58063587	G|T	1	ZNF135	NM_001289402	7694	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46	None
chr19:58063587:G/T:1	chr19	58063587	G|T	1	ZNF135	NM_001164529	7694	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46	None
chr19:58286190:C/A:1	chr19	58286190	C|A	1	ZNF8	NM_021089	7554	coding	401	274	92	Q>K	nonsyn	None	MDPEDEGVAGVMSVGPPAARLQEPVTFRDVAVDFTQEEWGQLDPTQRILYRDVMLETFGHLLSIGPELPKPEVISQLEQGTELWVAERGTTQGCHPAWEPRSESQASRKEEGLPEEEPSHVTGREGFPTDAPYPTTLGKDRECQSQSLALKEQNNLKQLEFGLKEAPVQDQGYKTLRLRENCVLSSSPNPFPEISRGEYLYTYDSQITDSEHNSSLVSQQTGSPGKQPGENSDCHRDSSQAIPITELTKSQVQDKPYKCTDCGKSFNHNAHLTVHKRIHTGERPYMCKECGKAFSQNSSLVQHERIHTGDKPYKCAECGKSFCHSTHLTVHRRIHTGEKPYECQDCGRAFNQNSSLGRHKRTHTGEKPYTCSVCGKSFSRTTCLFLHLRTHTEERPYECNHCGKGFRHSSSLAQHQRKHAGEKPFECRQRLIFEQTPALTKHEWTEALGCDPPLSQDERTHRSDRPFKCNQCGKCFIQSSHLIRHQITHTREEQPHGRSRRREQSSSRNSHLVQHQHPNSRKSSAGGAKAGQPESRALALFDIQKIMQEKNPVHVIGVEEPSVGASMLFDIREST*|MDPEDEGVAGVMSVGPPAARLQEPVTFRDVAVDFTQEEWGQLDPTQRILYRDVMLETFGHLLSIGPELPKPEVISQLEQGTELWVAERGTTKGCHPAWEPRSESQASRKEEGLPEEEPSHVTGREGFPTDAPYPTTLGKDRECQSQSLALKEQNNLKQLEFGLKEAPVQDQGYKTLRLRENCVLSSSPNPFPEISRGEYLYTYDSQITDSEHNSSLVSQQTGSPGKQPGENSDCHRDSSQAIPITELTKSQVQDKPYKCTDCGKSFNHNAHLTVHKRIHTGERPYMCKECGKAFSQNSSLVQHERIHTGDKPYKCAECGKSFCHSTHLTVHRRIHTGEKPYECQDCGRAFNQNSSLGRHKRTHTGEKPYTCSVCGKSFSRTTCLFLHLRTHTEERPYECNHCGKGFRHSSSLAQHQRKHAGEKPFECRQRLIFEQTPALTKHEWTEALGCDPPLSQDERTHRSDRPFKCNQCGKCFIQSSHLIRHQITHTREEQPHGRSRRREQSSSRNSHLVQHQHPNSRKSSAGGAKAGQPESRALALFDIQKIMQEKNPVHVIGVEEPSVGASMLFDIREST*
chr19:58286190:C/A:1	chr19	58286190	C|A	1	ZNF8-ERVK3-1	NR_144447	108903150	non-coding	1852	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:11113122:C/A:1	chr2	11113122	C|A	1	FLJ33534	NR_040080	285150	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6335	None
chr2:11171865:G/A:1	chr2	11171865	G|A	1	PQLC3	NM_001282712	130814	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5872	None
chr2:11171865:G/A:1	chr2	11171865	G|A	1	PQLC3	NM_001282710	130814	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chr2:11171865:G/A:1	chr2	11171865	G|A	1	PQLC3	NM_152391	130814	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chr2:11171865:G/A:1	chr2	11171865	G|A	1	PQLC3	NR_104231	130814	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chr2:11171865:G/A:1	chr2	11171865	G|A	1	PQLC3	NM_001282711	130814	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3103	None
chr2:11819407:C/G:1	chr2	11819407	C|G	1	LPIN1	NM_001261427	23175	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr2:11819407:C/G:1	chr2	11819407	C|G	1	LPIN1	NM_001261428	23175	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr2:11819407:C/G:1	chr2	11819407	C|G	1	LPIN1	NM_001349199	23175	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr2:11819407:C/G:1	chr2	11819407	C|G	1	LPIN1	NM_001349200	23175	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr2:11819407:C/G:1	chr2	11819407	C|G	1	LPIN1	NM_001349201	23175	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr2:11819407:C/G:1	chr2	11819407	C|G	1	LPIN1	NM_001349202	23175	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr2:11819407:C/G:1	chr2	11819407	C|G	1	LPIN1	NM_001349203	23175	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr2:11819407:C/G:1	chr2	11819407	C|G	1	LPIN1	NM_001349204	23175	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr2:11819407:C/G:1	chr2	11819407	C|G	1	LPIN1	NM_001349205	23175	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr2:11819407:C/G:1	chr2	11819407	C|G	1	LPIN1	NM_001349206	23175	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr2:11819407:C/G:1	chr2	11819407	C|G	1	LPIN1	NM_001349207	23175	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr2:11819407:C/G:1	chr2	11819407	C|G	1	LPIN1	NM_001349208	23175	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr2:11819407:C/G:1	chr2	11819407	C|G	1	LPIN1	NM_145693	23175	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr2:11819407:C/G:1	chr2	11819407	C|G	1	LPIN1	NR_146080	23175	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr2:15421926:C/A:1	chr2	15421926	C|A	1	NBAS	NM_015909	51594	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2389	None
chr2:15421926:C/A:1	chr2	15421926	C|A	1	NBAS	NR_052013	51594	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2389	None
chr2:24209639:T/G:1	chr2	24209639	T|G	1	ITSN2	NM_001348181	50618	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	179	None
chr2:24209639:T/G:1	chr2	24209639	T|G	1	ITSN2	NM_001348182	50618	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	179	None
chr2:24209639:T/G:1	chr2	24209639	T|G	1	ITSN2	NM_006277	50618	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	179	None
chr2:24209639:T/G:1	chr2	24209639	T|G	1	ITSN2	NM_019595	50618	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	179	None
chr2:26109711:A/T:1	chr2	26109711	A|T	1	RAB10	NM_016131	10890	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	57	None
chr2:26440347:A/G:1	chr2	26440347	A|G	1	DRC1	NM_145038	92749	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	31	None
chr2:26576272:A/C:1	chr2	26576272	A|C	1	C2orf70	NM_001105519	339778	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	97	None
chr2:26576272:A/C:1	chr2	26576272	A|C	1	C2orf70	NM_001322426	339778	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	97	None
chr2:28274140:C/A:1	chr2	28274140	C|A	1	BABAM2	NR_137437	9577	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24198	None
chr2:28274140:C/A:1	chr2	28274140	C|A	1	BABAM2	NM_001261840	9577	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24198	None
chr2:28274140:C/A:1	chr2	28274140	C|A	1	BABAM2	NM_001329112	9577	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24198	None
chr2:28274140:C/A:1	chr2	28274140	C|A	1	BABAM2	NM_001329113	9577	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24198	None
chr2:28274140:C/A:1	chr2	28274140	C|A	1	BABAM2	NM_001329114	9577	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24198	None
chr2:28274140:C/A:1	chr2	28274140	C|A	1	BABAM2	NM_001329115	9577	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24198	None
chr2:28274140:C/A:1	chr2	28274140	C|A	1	BABAM2	NM_004899	9577	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24198	None
chr2:28274140:C/A:1	chr2	28274140	C|A	1	BABAM2	NM_199191	9577	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24198	None
chr2:28274140:C/A:1	chr2	28274140	C|A	1	BABAM2	NM_199192	9577	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24198	None
chr2:28274140:C/A:1	chr2	28274140	C|A	1	BABAM2	NM_199193	9577	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24198	None
chr2:28274140:C/A:1	chr2	28274140	C|A	1	BABAM2	NM_199194	9577	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24198	None
chr2:28274140:C/A:1	chr2	28274140	C|A	1	BABAM2	NR_137438	9577	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24198	None
chr2:28274140:C/A:1	chr2	28274140	C|A	1	BABAM2	NR_137439	9577	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24198	None
chr2:28274140:C/A:1	chr2	28274140	C|A	1	BABAM2	NR_137440	9577	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24198	None
chr2:28516675:G/T:1	chr2	28516675	G|T	1	PLB1	NM_001170585	151056	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	133	None
chr2:28516675:G/T:1	chr2	28516675	G|T	1	PLB1	NM_153021	151056	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	133	None
chr2:29281105:G/T:1	chr2	29281105	G|T	1	ALK	NM_004304	238	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5609	None
chr2:29832570:G/A:1	chr2	29832570	G|A	1	ALK	NM_004304	238	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	87423	None
chr2:30924922:C/T:1	chr2	30924922	C|T	1	GALNT14	NM_001329097	79623	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4473	None
chr2:30924922:C/T:1	chr2	30924922	C|T	1	GALNT14	NM_001253826	79623	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	99	None
chr2:30924922:C/T:1	chr2	30924922	C|T	1	GALNT14	NM_001253827	79623	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	99	None
chr2:30924922:C/T:1	chr2	30924922	C|T	1	GALNT14	NM_001329095	79623	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	99	None
chr2:30924922:C/T:1	chr2	30924922	C|T	1	GALNT14	NM_001329096	79623	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	99	None
chr2:30924922:C/T:1	chr2	30924922	C|T	1	GALNT14	NM_024572	79623	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	99	None
chr2:30945103:G/T:1	chr2	30945103	G|T	1	GALNT14	NM_001253826	79623	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	161	None
chr2:30945103:G/T:1	chr2	30945103	G|T	1	GALNT14	NM_001253827	79623	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	161	None
chr2:30945103:G/T:1	chr2	30945103	G|T	1	GALNT14	NM_001329095	79623	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	161	None
chr2:30945103:G/T:1	chr2	30945103	G|T	1	GALNT14	NM_001329096	79623	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	161	None
chr2:30945103:G/T:1	chr2	30945103	G|T	1	GALNT14	NM_001329097	79623	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	161	None
chr2:30945103:G/T:1	chr2	30945103	G|T	1	GALNT14	NM_024572	79623	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	161	None
chr2:37071999:A/T:1	chr2	37071999	A|T	1	HEATR5B	NM_019024	54497	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	111	None
chr2:37094248:C/A:1	chr2	37094248	C|A	1	GPATCH11	NM_001278505	253635	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	53	None
chr2:37094248:C/A:1	chr2	37094248	C|A	1	GPATCH11	NM_001322249	253635	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	53	None
chr2:37094248:C/A:1	chr2	37094248	C|A	1	GPATCH11	NM_174931	253635	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	53	None
chr2:40160677:G/T:1	chr2	40160677	G|T	1	SLC8A1-AS1	NR_038441	100128590	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	55715	None
chr2:40160677:G/T:1	chr2	40160677	G|T	1	SLC8A1	NM_001112800	6546	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr2:40160677:G/T:1	chr2	40160677	G|T	1	SLC8A1	NM_001112801	6546	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr2:40160677:G/T:1	chr2	40160677	G|T	1	SLC8A1	NM_001112802	6546	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr2:40160677:G/T:1	chr2	40160677	G|T	1	SLC8A1	NM_001252624	6546	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr2:40160677:G/T:1	chr2	40160677	G|T	1	SLC8A1	NM_001351483	6546	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr2:40160677:G/T:1	chr2	40160677	G|T	1	SLC8A1	NM_001351484	6546	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr2:40160677:G/T:1	chr2	40160677	G|T	1	SLC8A1	NM_001351485	6546	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr2:40160677:G/T:1	chr2	40160677	G|T	1	SLC8A1	NM_001351486	6546	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr2:40160677:G/T:1	chr2	40160677	G|T	1	SLC8A1	NM_001351487	6546	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr2:40160677:G/T:1	chr2	40160677	G|T	1	SLC8A1	NM_001351488	6546	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr2:40160677:G/T:1	chr2	40160677	G|T	1	SLC8A1	NM_001351489	6546	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr2:40160677:G/T:1	chr2	40160677	G|T	1	SLC8A1	NM_001351490	6546	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr2:40160677:G/T:1	chr2	40160677	G|T	1	SLC8A1	NM_001351491	6546	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr2:40160677:G/T:1	chr2	40160677	G|T	1	SLC8A1	NM_001351492	6546	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr2:40160677:G/T:1	chr2	40160677	G|T	1	SLC8A1	NM_001351493	6546	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr2:40160677:G/T:1	chr2	40160677	G|T	1	SLC8A1	NM_001351494	6546	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr2:40160677:G/T:1	chr2	40160677	G|T	1	SLC8A1	NM_021097	6546	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr2:43944068:C/A:1	chr2	43944068	C|A	1	LRPPRC	NM_133259	10128	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	174	None
chr2:47055989:C/A:1	chr2	47055989	C|A	1	TTC7A	NM_001288951	57217	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4109	None
chr2:47055989:C/A:1	chr2	47055989	C|A	1	TTC7A	NM_001288953	57217	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4109	None
chr2:47055989:C/A:1	chr2	47055989	C|A	1	TTC7A	NM_001288955	57217	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4109	None
chr2:47055989:C/A:1	chr2	47055989	C|A	1	TTC7A	NM_020458	57217	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4109	None
chr2:48708797:C/G:1	chr2	48708797	C|G	1	STON1-GTF2A1L	NM_001198593	286749	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	37117	None
chr2:48708797:C/G:1	chr2	48708797	C|G	1	LHCGR	NM_000233	3973	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	151	None
chr2:51201665:C/A:1	chr2	51201665	C|A	1	LOC730100	NR_135237	730100	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126724	None
chr2:53728873:T/A:1	chr2	53728873	T|A	1	GPR75-ASB3	NM_001164165	100302652	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chr2:53728873:T/A:1	chr2	53728873	T|A	1	ASB3	NM_001201965	51130	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chr2:53728873:T/A:1	chr2	53728873	T|A	1	ASB3	NM_016115	51130	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chr2:53728873:T/A:1	chr2	53728873	T|A	1	ASB3	NM_145863	51130	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chr2:55234745:A/T:1	chr2	55234745	A|T	1	RPS27A	NM_001135592	6233	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	86	None
chr2:55234745:A/T:1	chr2	55234745	A|T	1	RPS27A	NM_001177413	6233	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	86	None
chr2:55234745:A/T:1	chr2	55234745	A|T	1	RPS27A	NM_002954	6233	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	86	None
chr2:55234745:A/T:1	chr2	55234745	A|T	1	MIR4426	NR_039624	100616345	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	86	None
chr2:55234745:A/T:1	chr2	55234745	A|T	1	MTIF2	NM_001005369	4528	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:55234745:A/T:1	chr2	55234745	A|T	1	MTIF2	NM_001321001	4528	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:55234745:A/T:1	chr2	55234745	A|T	1	MTIF2	NM_001321002	4528	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:55234745:A/T:1	chr2	55234745	A|T	1	MTIF2	NM_001321003	4528	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:55234745:A/T:1	chr2	55234745	A|T	1	MTIF2	NM_001321004	4528	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:55234745:A/T:1	chr2	55234745	A|T	1	MTIF2	NM_001321005	4528	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:55234745:A/T:1	chr2	55234745	A|T	1	MTIF2	NM_002453	4528	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:58084877:A/T:1	chr2	58084877	A|T	1	VRK2	NM_001130480	7444	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr2:58084877:A/T:1	chr2	58084877	A|T	1	VRK2	NM_001130481	7444	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr2:58084877:A/T:1	chr2	58084877	A|T	1	VRK2	NM_001130482	7444	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr2:58084877:A/T:1	chr2	58084877	A|T	1	VRK2	NM_001130483	7444	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr2:58084877:A/T:1	chr2	58084877	A|T	1	VRK2	NM_001288836	7444	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr2:58084877:A/T:1	chr2	58084877	A|T	1	VRK2	NM_001288837	7444	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr2:58084877:A/T:1	chr2	58084877	A|T	1	VRK2	NM_001288838	7444	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr2:58084877:A/T:1	chr2	58084877	A|T	1	VRK2	NM_006296	7444	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr2:58084877:A/T:1	chr2	58084877	A|T	1	VRK2	NM_001288839	7444	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	739	None
chr2:68391550:T/C:1	chr2	68391550	T|C	1	PLEK	NM_002664	5341	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1612	None
chr2:70988595:G/C:1	chr2	70988595	G|C	1	TEX261	NM_144582	113419	3utr	712	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:71424636:A/T:1	chr2	71424636	A|T	1	ZNF638	NM_014497	27332	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14	None
chr2:71424636:A/T:1	chr2	71424636	A|T	1	ZNF638	NM_001014972	27332	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14	None
chr2:71424636:A/T:1	chr2	71424636	A|T	1	ZNF638	NM_001252612	27332	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14	None
chr2:71424636:A/T:1	chr2	71424636	A|T	1	ZNF638	NM_001252613	27332	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14	None
chr2:85389597:G/T:1	chr2	85389597	G|T	1	ELMOD3	NM_001135021	84173	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	154	None
chr2:85389597:G/T:1	chr2	85389597	G|T	1	ELMOD3	NM_001135022	84173	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	154	None
chr2:85389597:G/T:1	chr2	85389597	G|T	1	ELMOD3	NM_001135023	84173	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	154	None
chr2:85389597:G/T:1	chr2	85389597	G|T	1	ELMOD3	NM_001329791	84173	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	154	None
chr2:85389597:G/T:1	chr2	85389597	G|T	1	ELMOD3	NM_001329792	84173	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	154	None
chr2:85389597:G/T:1	chr2	85389597	G|T	1	ELMOD3	NM_001329793	84173	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	154	None
chr2:85389597:G/T:1	chr2	85389597	G|T	1	ELMOD3	NR_138132	84173	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	154	None
chr2:85389597:G/T:1	chr2	85389597	G|T	1	ELMOD3	NR_138131	84173	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	154	None
chr2:85389597:G/T:1	chr2	85389597	G|T	1	ELMOD3	NR_138133	84173	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	154	None
chr2:86111006:G/T:1	chr2	86111006	G|T	1	PTCD3	NM_017952	55037	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	107	None
chr2:88067750:G/T:1	chr2	88067750	G|T	1	SMYD1	NM_001330364	150572	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:88067750:G/T:1	chr2	88067750	G|T	1	SMYD1	NM_198274	150572	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:88805468:G/T:1	chr2	88805468	G|T	1	ANKRD36BP2	NR_015424	645784	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chr2:96023639:T/A:1	chr2	96023639	T|A	1	GPAT2	NM_001321531	150763	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	284	None
chr2:96023639:T/A:1	chr2	96023639	T|A	1	FAHD2CP	NR_003698	729234	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:96023639:T/A:1	chr2	96023639	T|A	1	GPAT2	NM_001321525	150763	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	199	None
chr2:96023639:T/A:1	chr2	96023639	T|A	1	GPAT2	NM_001321526	150763	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	199	None
chr2:96023639:T/A:1	chr2	96023639	T|A	1	GPAT2	NM_001321527	150763	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	199	None
chr2:96023639:T/A:1	chr2	96023639	T|A	1	GPAT2	NM_001321528	150763	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	199	None
chr2:96023639:T/A:1	chr2	96023639	T|A	1	GPAT2	NM_001321529	150763	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	199	None
chr2:96023639:T/A:1	chr2	96023639	T|A	1	GPAT2	NM_001321530	150763	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	199	None
chr2:96023639:T/A:1	chr2	96023639	T|A	1	GPAT2	NM_207328	150763	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	199	None
chr2:101018980:G/T:1	chr2	101018980	G|T	1	RPL31	NM_001098577	6160	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	18	None
chr2:101018980:G/T:1	chr2	101018980	G|T	1	TBC1D8	NM_001102426	11138	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2701	None
chr2:101018980:G/T:1	chr2	101018980	G|T	1	TBC1D8	NM_001330348	11138	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2701	None
chr2:101018980:G/T:1	chr2	101018980	G|T	1	TBC1D8	NR_138475	11138	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2701	None
chr2:110144454:A/T:1	chr2	110144454	A|T	1	NPHP1	NM_000272	4867	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr2:110144454:A/T:1	chr2	110144454	A|T	1	NPHP1	NM_001128178	4867	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr2:110144454:A/T:1	chr2	110144454	A|T	1	NPHP1	NM_001128179	4867	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr2:110144454:A/T:1	chr2	110144454	A|T	1	NPHP1	NM_207181	4867	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr2:111273624:A/G:1	chr2	111273624	A|G	1	MIR4435-2HG	NR_136164	541471	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	64963	None
chr2:111273624:A/G:1	chr2	111273624	A|G	1	MIR4435-2HG	NR_136162	541471	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39885	None
chr2:111273624:A/G:1	chr2	111273624	A|G	1	MIR4435-2HG	NR_136166	541471	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39885	None
chr2:111273624:A/G:1	chr2	111273624	A|G	1	MIR4435-2HG	NR_015395	541471	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	33628	None
chr2:111273624:A/G:1	chr2	111273624	A|G	1	MIR4435-2HG	NR_136161	541471	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25383	None
chr2:111273624:A/G:1	chr2	111273624	A|G	1	MIR4435-2HG	NR_136163	541471	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25383	None
chr2:111273624:A/G:1	chr2	111273624	A|G	1	MIR4435-2HG	NR_136165	541471	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25383	None
chr2:111863902:T/A:1	chr2	111863902	T|A	1	ANAPC1	NM_022662	64682	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7	None
chr2:120161150:T/C:1	chr2	120161150	T|C	1	EPB41L5	NM_001184937	57669	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	176	None
chr2:120161150:T/C:1	chr2	120161150	T|C	1	EPB41L5	NM_001330310	57669	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	176	None
chr2:120161150:T/C:1	chr2	120161150	T|C	1	EPB41L5	NM_020909	57669	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	176	None
chr2:127060445:C/T:1	chr2	127060445	C|T	1	BIN1	NM_001320632	274	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	151	None
chr2:127060445:C/T:1	chr2	127060445	C|T	1	BIN1	NM_004305	274	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	151	None
chr2:127060445:C/T:1	chr2	127060445	C|T	1	BIN1	NM_139346	274	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	151	None
chr2:127060445:C/T:1	chr2	127060445	C|T	1	BIN1	NM_001320633	274	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1290	None
chr2:127060445:C/T:1	chr2	127060445	C|T	1	BIN1	NM_001320634	274	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1290	None
chr2:127060445:C/T:1	chr2	127060445	C|T	1	BIN1	NM_001320640	274	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1290	None
chr2:127060445:C/T:1	chr2	127060445	C|T	1	BIN1	NM_001320641	274	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1290	None
chr2:127060445:C/T:1	chr2	127060445	C|T	1	BIN1	NM_001320642	274	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1290	None
chr2:127060445:C/T:1	chr2	127060445	C|T	1	BIN1	NM_139343	274	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1290	None
chr2:127060445:C/T:1	chr2	127060445	C|T	1	BIN1	NM_139344	274	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1290	None
chr2:127060445:C/T:1	chr2	127060445	C|T	1	BIN1	NM_139345	274	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1290	None
chr2:127060445:C/T:1	chr2	127060445	C|T	1	BIN1	NM_139347	274	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1290	None
chr2:127060445:C/T:1	chr2	127060445	C|T	1	BIN1	NM_139348	274	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1290	None
chr2:127060445:C/T:1	chr2	127060445	C|T	1	BIN1	NM_139349	274	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1290	None
chr2:127060445:C/T:1	chr2	127060445	C|T	1	BIN1	NM_139350	274	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1290	None
chr2:127060445:C/T:1	chr2	127060445	C|T	1	BIN1	NM_139351	274	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1290	None
chr2:127322056:T/G:1	chr2	127322056	T|G	1	MAP3K2	NM_006609	10746	coding	1135	1035	345	P>P	syn	None	MDDQQALNSIMQDLAVLHKASRPALSLQETRKAKSSSPKKQNDVRVKFEHRGEKRILQFPRPVKLEDLRSKAKIAFGQSMDLHYTNNELVIPLTTQDDLDKAVELLDRSIHMKSLKILLVINGSTQATNLEPLPSLEDLDNTVFGAERKKRLSIIGPTSRDRSSPPPGYIPDELHQVARNGSFTSINSEGEFIPESMDQMLDPLSLSSPENSGSGSCPSLDSPLDGESYPKSRMPRAQSYPDNHQEFSDYDNPIFEKFGKGGTYPRRYHVSYHHQEYNDGRKTFPRARRTQGTSLRSPVSFSPTDHSLSTSSGSSIFTPEYDDSRIRRRGSDIDNPTLTVMDISPPSRSPRAPTNWRLGKLLGQGAFGRVYLCYDVDTGRELAVKQVQFDPDSPETSKEVNALECEIQLLKNLLHERIVQYYGCLRDPQEKTLSIFMEYMPGGSIKDQLKAYGALTENVTRKYTRQILEGVHYLHSNMIVHRDIKGANILRDSTGNVKLGDFGASKRLQTICLSGTGMKSVTGTPYWMSPEVISGEGYGRKADIWSVACTVVEMLTEKPPWAEFEAMAAIFKIATQPTNPKLPPHVSDYTRDFLKRIFVEAKLRPSADELLRHMFVHYH*
chr2:127640046:C/A:1	chr2	127640046	C|A	1	LIMS2	NM_001136037	55679	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24	None
chr2:127640046:C/A:1	chr2	127640046	C|A	1	LIMS2	NM_001161403	55679	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24	None
chr2:127640046:C/A:1	chr2	127640046	C|A	1	LIMS2	NM_001161404	55679	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24	None
chr2:127640046:C/A:1	chr2	127640046	C|A	1	LIMS2	NM_001256542	55679	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24	None
chr2:127640046:C/A:1	chr2	127640046	C|A	1	LIMS2	NM_017980	55679	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24	None
chr2:130153274:G/A:1	chr2	130153274	G|A	1	SMPD4	NM_001171083	55627	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr2:130153274:G/A:1	chr2	130153274	G|A	1	SMPD4	NM_017751	55627	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr2:130153274:G/A:1	chr2	130153274	G|A	1	SMPD4	NM_017951	55627	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr2:130153274:G/A:1	chr2	130153274	G|A	1	SMPD4	NR_033230	55627	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr2:130153274:G/A:1	chr2	130153274	G|A	1	SMPD4	NR_033231	55627	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr2:130153274:G/A:1	chr2	130153274	G|A	1	SMPD4	NR_033232	55627	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr2:130920920:C/A:1	chr2	130920920	C|A	1	ARHGEF4	NM_001367493	50649	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3422	None
chr2:130920920:C/A:1	chr2	130920920	C|A	1	ARHGEF4	NM_015320	50649	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3422	None
chr2:131532891:G/A:1	chr2	131532891	G|A	1	CCDC74A	NM_001258304	90557	coding	1191	895	299	G>R	nonsyn	None	MSGAGVAAGTRPPSSPTPGSRRRRQRPSVGVQSLRPQSPQLRQSDPQKRNLDLEKSLQFLQQQHSEMLAKLHEEIEHLKRENKGEPARGPRPALPPQAHSTLPLPQHRNTAINSSTRLGSGGTQDDLHYKLIMNQTSQKKDGPSGNHLSRASAPLGARWVCINGVWVEPGGPSPARLKEGSSRTHRPGGKRGRLAGGSADTVRSPADSLSMSSFQSVKSISNSGKARPQPGSFNKQDSKADVSQKADLEEEPLLHNSKLDKVPGVQGQARQCEVLIRELWNTNLLQTQELRHLKSLLEGSQRPQAAPEEASFPRDQEATHFPKVSTKSLSKKCLSPPVAERAILPALKQTPKNNFAERQKRLQAMQKRRLHRSVL*|MSGAGVAAGTRPPSSPTPGSRRRRQRPSVGVQSLRPQSPQLRQSDPQKRNLDLEKSLQFLQQQHSEMLAKLHEEIEHLKRENKGEPARGPRPALPPQAHSTLPLPQHRNTAINSSTRLGSGGTQDDLHYKLIMNQTSQKKDGPSGNHLSRASAPLGARWVCINGVWVEPGGPSPARLKEGSSRTHRPGGKRGRLAGGSADTVRSPADSLSMSSFQSVKSISNSGKARPQPGSFNKQDSKADVSQKADLEEEPLLHNSKLDKVPGVQGQARQCEVLIRELWNTNLLQTQELRHLKSLLERSQRPQAAPEEASFPRDQEATHFPKVSTKSLSKKCLSPPVAERAILPALKQTPKNNFAERQKRLQAMQKRRLHRSVL*
chr2:131532891:G/A:1	chr2	131532891	G|A	1	CCDC74A	NM_001258305	90557	coding	1007	711	237	K>K	syn	None	MSGAGVAAGTRPPSSPTPGSRRRRQRPSVGVQSLRPQSPQLRQSDPQKRNLDLEKSLQFLQQQHSEMLAKLHEEIEHLKRENKDLHYKLIMNQTSQKKDGPSGNHLSRASAPLGARWVCINGVWVEPGGPSPARLKEGSSRTHRPGGKRGRLAGGSADTVRSPADSLSMSSFQSVKSISNSGKARPQPGSFNKQDSKADVSQKADLEEEPLLHNSKLDKVPGVQGQASCGTSSPSWKGARGPRQPRRKLAFPGTKKPRISPRSPPRASPRNA*
chr2:131532891:G/A:1	chr2	131532891	G|A	1	CCDC74A	NM_001258306	90557	coding	1002	706	236	G>R	nonsyn	None	MSGAGVAAGTRPPSSPTPGSRRRRQRPSVGVQSLRPQSPQLRQSDPQKRNLDLEKSLQFLQQQHSEMLAKLHEEIEHLKRENKDLHYKLIMNQTSQKKDSLSMSSFQSVKSISNSGKARPQPGSFNKQDSKADVSQKADLEEEPLLHNSKLDKVPGVQGQARKEKAEASNAGAACMGNSQHQGRQMGAGAHPPMILPLPLRKPTTLRQCEVLIRELWNTNLLQTQELRHLKSLLEGSQRPQAAPEEASFPRDQEATHFPKVSTKSLSKKCLSPPVAERAILPALKQTPKNNFAERQKRLQAMQKRRLHRSVL*|MSGAGVAAGTRPPSSPTPGSRRRRQRPSVGVQSLRPQSPQLRQSDPQKRNLDLEKSLQFLQQQHSEMLAKLHEEIEHLKRENKDLHYKLIMNQTSQKKDSLSMSSFQSVKSISNSGKARPQPGSFNKQDSKADVSQKADLEEEPLLHNSKLDKVPGVQGQARKEKAEASNAGAACMGNSQHQGRQMGAGAHPPMILPLPLRKPTTLRQCEVLIRELWNTNLLQTQELRHLKSLLERSQRPQAAPEEASFPRDQEATHFPKVSTKSLSKKCLSPPVAERAILPALKQTPKNNFAERQKRLQAMQKRRLHRSVL*
chr2:131532891:G/A:1	chr2	131532891	G|A	1	CCDC74A	NM_001349041	90557	coding	1079	783	261	K>K	syn	None	MSGAGVAAGTRPPSSPTPGSRRRRQRPSVGVQSLRPQSPQLRQSDPQKRNLDLEKSLQFLQQQHSEMLAKLHEEIEHLKRENKDLHYKLIMNQTSQKKDGPSGNHLSRASAPLGARWVCINGVWVEPGGPSPARLKEGSSRTHRPGGKRGRLAGGSADTVRSPADSLSMSSFQSVKSISNSGKARPQPGSFNKQDSKADVSQKADLEEEPLLHNSKLDKVPGVQGQASPPHLGSAKCSSASCGIPTSCRPKSCGTSSPSWKGARGPRQPRRKLAFPGTKKPRISPRSPPRASPRNA*
chr2:131532891:G/A:1	chr2	131532891	G|A	1	CCDC74A	NM_001349042	90557	coding	1326	1030	344	G>R	nonsyn	None	MSGAGVAAGTRPPSSPTPGSRRRRQRPSVGVQSLRPQSPQLRQSDPQKRNLDLEKSLQFLQQQHSEMLAKLHEEIEHLKRENKGEPARGPRPALPPQAHSTLPLPQHRNTAINSSTRLGSGGTQDDLHYKLIMNQTSQKKDGPSGNHLSRASAPLGARWVCINGVWVEPGGPSPARLKEGSSRTHRPGGKRGRLAGGSADTVRSPADSLSMSSFQSVKSISNSGKARPQPGSFNKQDSKADVSQKADLEEEPLLHNSKLDKVPGVQGQARKEKAEASNAGAACMGNSQHQGRQMGAGAHPPMILPLPLRKPTTLRQCEVLIRELWNTNLLQTQELRHLKSLLEGSQRPQAAPEEASFPRDQEATHFPKVSTKSLSKKCLSPPVAERAILPALKQTPKNNFAERQKRLQAMQKRRLHRSVL*|MSGAGVAAGTRPPSSPTPGSRRRRQRPSVGVQSLRPQSPQLRQSDPQKRNLDLEKSLQFLQQQHSEMLAKLHEEIEHLKRENKGEPARGPRPALPPQAHSTLPLPQHRNTAINSSTRLGSGGTQDDLHYKLIMNQTSQKKDGPSGNHLSRASAPLGARWVCINGVWVEPGGPSPARLKEGSSRTHRPGGKRGRLAGGSADTVRSPADSLSMSSFQSVKSISNSGKARPQPGSFNKQDSKADVSQKADLEEEPLLHNSKLDKVPGVQGQARKEKAEASNAGAACMGNSQHQGRQMGAGAHPPMILPLPLRKPTTLRQCEVLIRELWNTNLLQTQELRHLKSLLERSQRPQAAPEEASFPRDQEATHFPKVSTKSLSKKCLSPPVAERAILPALKQTPKNNFAERQKRLQAMQKRRLHRSVL*
chr2:131532891:G/A:1	chr2	131532891	G|A	1	CCDC74A	NM_001349043	90557	coding	1128	832	278	G>R	nonsyn	None	MSGAGVAAGTRPPSSPTPGSRRRRQRPSVGVQSLRPQSPQLRQSDPQKRNLDLEKSLQFLQQQHSEMLAKLHEEIEHLKRENKGEPARGPRPALPPQAHSTLPLPQHRNTAINSSTRLGSGGTQDDLHYKLIMNQTSQKKDSLSMSSFQSVKSISNSGKARPQPGSFNKQDSKADVSQKADLEEEPLLHNSKLDKVPGVQGQARKEKAEASNAGAACMGNSQHQGRQMGAGAHPPMILPLPLRKPTTLRQCEVLIRELWNTNLLQTQELRHLKSLLEGSQRPQAAPEEASFPRDQEATHFPKVSTKSLSKKCLSPPVAERAILPALKQTPKNNFAERQKRLQAMQKRRLHRSVL*|MSGAGVAAGTRPPSSPTPGSRRRRQRPSVGVQSLRPQSPQLRQSDPQKRNLDLEKSLQFLQQQHSEMLAKLHEEIEHLKRENKGEPARGPRPALPPQAHSTLPLPQHRNTAINSSTRLGSGGTQDDLHYKLIMNQTSQKKDSLSMSSFQSVKSISNSGKARPQPGSFNKQDSKADVSQKADLEEEPLLHNSKLDKVPGVQGQARKEKAEASNAGAACMGNSQHQGRQMGAGAHPPMILPLPLRKPTTLRQCEVLIRELWNTNLLQTQELRHLKSLLERSQRPQAAPEEASFPRDQEATHFPKVSTKSLSKKCLSPPVAERAILPALKQTPKNNFAERQKRLQAMQKRRLHRSVL*
chr2:131532891:G/A:1	chr2	131532891	G|A	1	CCDC74A	NM_001349044	90557	coding	1007	711	237	K>K	syn	None	MSGAGVAAGTRPPSSPTPGSRRRRQRPSVGVQSLRPQSPQLRQSDPQKRNLDLEKSLQFLQQQHSEMLAKLHEEIEHLKRENKGEPARGPRPALPPQAHSTLPLPQHRNTAINSSTRLGSGGTQDDLHYKLIMNQTSQKKDSLSMSSFQSVKSISNSGKARPQPGSFNKQDSKADVSQKADLEEEPLLHNSKLDKVPGVQGQASPPHLGSAKCSSASCGIPTSCRPKSCGTSSPSWKGARGPRQPRRKLAFPGTKKPRISPRSPPRASPRNA*
chr2:131532891:G/A:1	chr2	131532891	G|A	1	CCDC74A	NM_001349045	90557	coding	935	639	213	K>K	syn	None	MSGAGVAAGTRPPSSPTPGSRRRRQRPSVGVQSLRPQSPQLRQSDPQKRNLDLEKSLQFLQQQHSEMLAKLHEEIEHLKRENKGEPARGPRPALPPQAHSTLPLPQHRNTAINSSTRLGSGGTQDDLHYKLIMNQTSQKKDSLSMSSFQSVKSISNSGKARPQPGSFNKQDSKADVSQKADLEEEPLLHNSKLDKVPGVQGQASCGTSSPSWKGARGPRQPRRKLAFPGTKKPRISPRSPPRASPRNA*
chr2:131532891:G/A:1	chr2	131532891	G|A	1	CCDC74A	NM_001349046	90557	coding	809	513	171	K>K	syn	None	MSGAGVAAGTRPPSSPTPGSRRRRQRPSVGVQSLRPQSPQLRQSDPQKRNLDLEKSLQFLQQQHSEMLAKLHEEIEHLKRENKDLHYKLIMNQTSQKKDSLSMSSFQSVKSISNSGKARPQPGSFNKQDSKADVSQKADLEEEPLLHNSKLDKVPGVQGQASCGTSSPSWKGARGPRQPRRKLAFPGTKKPRISPRSPPRASPRNA*
chr2:131532891:G/A:1	chr2	131532891	G|A	1	CCDC74A	NM_001349047	90557	coding	881	585	195	K>K	syn	None	MSGAGVAAGTRPPSSPTPGSRRRRQRPSVGVQSLRPQSPQLRQSDPQKRNLDLEKSLQFLQQQHSEMLAKLHEEIEHLKRENKDLHYKLIMNQTSQKKDSLSMSSFQSVKSISNSGKARPQPGSFNKQDSKADVSQKADLEEEPLLHNSKLDKVPGVQGQASPPHLGSAKCSSASCGIPTSCRPKSCGTSSPSWKGARGPRQPRRKLAFPGTKKPRISPRSPPRASPRNA*
chr2:131532891:G/A:1	chr2	131532891	G|A	1	CCDC74A	NM_138770	90557	coding	1200	904	302	G>R	nonsyn	None	MSGAGVAAGTRPPSSPTPGSRRRRQRPSVGVQSLRPQSPQLRQSDPQKRNLDLEKSLQFLQQQHSEMLAKLHEEIEHLKRENKDLHYKLIMNQTSQKKDGPSGNHLSRASAPLGARWVCINGVWVEPGGPSPARLKEGSSRTHRPGGKRGRLAGGSADTVRSPADSLSMSSFQSVKSISNSGKARPQPGSFNKQDSKADVSQKADLEEEPLLHNSKLDKVPGVQGQARKEKAEASNAGAACMGNSQHQGRQMGAGAHPPMILPLPLRKPTTLRQCEVLIRELWNTNLLQTQELRHLKSLLEGSQRPQAAPEEASFPRDQEATHFPKVSTKSLSKKCLSPPVAERAILPALKQTPKNNFAERQKRLQAMQKRRLHRSVL*|MSGAGVAAGTRPPSSPTPGSRRRRQRPSVGVQSLRPQSPQLRQSDPQKRNLDLEKSLQFLQQQHSEMLAKLHEEIEHLKRENKDLHYKLIMNQTSQKKDGPSGNHLSRASAPLGARWVCINGVWVEPGGPSPARLKEGSSRTHRPGGKRGRLAGGSADTVRSPADSLSMSSFQSVKSISNSGKARPQPGSFNKQDSKADVSQKADLEEEPLLHNSKLDKVPGVQGQARKEKAEASNAGAACMGNSQHQGRQMGAGAHPPMILPLPLRKPTTLRQCEVLIRELWNTNLLQTQELRHLKSLLERSQRPQAAPEEASFPRDQEATHFPKVSTKSLSKKCLSPPVAERAILPALKQTPKNNFAERQKRLQAMQKRRLHRSVL*
chr2:135113016:C/T:1	chr2	135113016	C|T	1	RAB3GAP1	NM_001172435	22930	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	135	None
chr2:135113016:C/T:1	chr2	135113016	C|T	1	RAB3GAP1	NM_012233	22930	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	135	None
chr2:135665214:C/T:1	chr2	135665214	C|T	1	R3HDM1	NM_001282798	23518	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3821	None
chr2:135665214:C/T:1	chr2	135665214	C|T	1	R3HDM1	NM_001282799	23518	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3821	None
chr2:135665214:C/T:1	chr2	135665214	C|T	1	R3HDM1	NM_001282800	23518	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3821	None
chr2:135665214:C/T:1	chr2	135665214	C|T	1	R3HDM1	NM_001354199	23518	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3821	None
chr2:135665214:C/T:1	chr2	135665214	C|T	1	R3HDM1	NM_001354200	23518	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3821	None
chr2:135665214:C/T:1	chr2	135665214	C|T	1	R3HDM1	NM_015361	23518	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3821	None
chr2:135665214:C/T:1	chr2	135665214	C|T	1	MIR128-1	NR_029672	406915	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:148510030:A/T:1	chr2	148510030	A|T	1	MBD5	NM_018328	55777	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	30	None
chr2:151519554:G/T:1	chr2	151519554	G|T	1	NEB	NM_001164507	4703	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104	None
chr2:151519554:G/T:1	chr2	151519554	G|T	1	NEB	NM_001164508	4703	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104	None
chr2:151519554:G/T:1	chr2	151519554	G|T	1	NEB	NM_001271208	4703	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104	None
chr2:151519554:G/T:1	chr2	151519554	G|T	1	NEB	NM_004543	4703	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104	None
chr2:151541809:G/T:1	chr2	151541809	G|T	1	NEB	NM_001164507	4703	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	258	None
chr2:151541809:G/T:1	chr2	151541809	G|T	1	NEB	NM_001164508	4703	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	258	None
chr2:151541809:G/T:1	chr2	151541809	G|T	1	NEB	NM_001271208	4703	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	258	None
chr2:151541809:G/T:1	chr2	151541809	G|T	1	NEB	NM_004543	4703	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	258	None
chr2:151562679:G/T:1	chr2	151562679	G|T	1	NEB	NM_001164507	4703	coding	19026	18823	6275	Q>K	nonsyn	None	MADDEDYEEVVEYYTEEVVYEEVPGETITKIYETTTTRTSDYEQSETSKPALAQPALAQPASAKPVERRKVIRKKVDPSKFMTPYIAHSQKMQDLFSPNKYKEKFEKTKGQPYASTTDTPELRRIKKVQDQLSEVKYRMDGDVAKTICHVDEKAKDIEHAKKVSQQVSKVLYKQNWEDTKDKYLLPPDAPELVQAVKNTAMFSKKLYTEDWEADKSLFYPYNDSPELRRVAQAQKALSDVAYKKGLAEQQAQFTPLADPPDIEFAKKVTNQVSKQKYKEDYENKIKGKWSETPCFEVANARMNADNISTRKYQEDFENMKDQIYFMQTETPEYKMNKKAGVAASKVKYKEDYEKNKGKADYNVLPASENPQLRQLKAAGDALSDKLYKENYEKTKAKSINYCETPKFKLDTVLQNFSSDKKYKDSYLKDILGHYVGSFEDPYHSHCMKVTAQNSDKNYKAEYEEDRGKGFFPQTITQEYEAIKKLDQCKDHTYKVHPDKTKFTQVTDSPVLLQAQVNSKQLSDLNYKAKHESEKFKCHIPPDTPAFIQHKVNAYNLSDNLYKQDWEKSKAKKFDIKVDAIPLLAAKANTKNTSDVMYKKDYEKNKGKMIGVLSINDDPKMLHSLKVAKNQSDRLYKENYEKTKAKSMNYCETPKYQLDTQLKNFSEARYKDLYVKDVLGHYVGSMEDPYHTHCMKVAAQNSDKSYKAEYEEDKGKCYFPQTITQEYEAIKKLDQCKDHTYKVHPDKTKFTAVTDSPVLLQAQLNTKQLSDLNYKAKHEGEKFKCHIPADAPQFIQHRVNAYNLSDNVYKQDWEKSKAKKFDIKVDAIPLLAAKANTKNTSDVMYKKDYEKSKGKMIGALSINDDPKMLHSLKTAKNQSDREYRKDYEKSKTIYTAPLDMLQVTQAKKSQAIASDVDYKHILHSYSYPPDSINVDLAKKAYALQSDVEYKADYNSWMKGCGWVPFGSLEMEKAKRASDILNEKKYRQHPDTLKFTSIEDAPITVQSKINQAQRSDIAYKAKGEEIIHKYNLPPDLPQFIQAKVNAYNISENMYKADLKDLSKKGYDLRTDAIPIRAAKAARQAASDVQYKKDYEKAKGKMVGFQSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKIQSDREYKKDYEKTKSKYNTPHDMFNVVAAKKAQDVVSNVNYKHSLHHYTYLPDAMDLELSKNMMQIQSDNVYKEDYNNWMKGIGWIPIGSLDVEKVKKAGDALNEKKYRQHPDTLKFTSIVDSPVMVQAKQNTKQVSDILYKAKGEDVKHKYTMSPDLPQFLQAKCNAYNISDVCYKRDWYDLIAKGNNVLGDAIPITAAKASRNIASDYKYKEAYEKSKGKHVGFRSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKLQSDREYKKNYENTKTSYHTPGDMVSITAAKMAQDVATNVNYKQPLHHYTYLPDAMSLEHTRNVNQIQSDNVYKDEYNSFLKGIGWIPIGSLEVEKVKKAGDALNERKYRQHPDTVKFTSVPDSMGMVLAQHNTKQLSDLNYKVEGEKLKHKYTIDPELPQFIQAKVNALNMSDAHYKADWKKTIAKGYDLRPDAIPIVAAKSSRNIASDCKYKEAYEKAKGKQVGFLSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKIQSDREYKKGYEASKTKYHTPLDMVSVTAAKKSQEVATNANYRQSYHHYTLLPDALNVEHSRNAMQIQSDNLYKSDFTNWMKGIGWVPIESLEVEKAKKAGEILSEKKYRQHPEKLKFTYAMDTMEQALNKSNKLNMDKRLYTEKWNKDKTTIHVMPDTPDILLSRVNQITMSDKLYKAGWEEEKKKGYDLRPDAIAIKAARASRDIASDYKYKKAYEQAKGKHIGFRSLEDDPKLVHFMQVAKMQSDREYKKGYEKSKTSFHTPVDMLSVVAAKKSQEVATNANYRNVIHTYNMLPDAMSFELAKNMMQIQSDNQYKADYADFMKGIGWLPLGSLEAEKNKKAMEIISEKKYRQHPDTLKYSTLMDSMNMVLAQNNAKIMNEHLYKQAWEADKTKVHIMPDIPQIILAKANAINMSDKLYKLSLEESKKKGYDLRPDAIPIKAAKASRDIASDYKYKYNYEKGKGKMVGFRSLEDDPKLVHSMQVAKMQSDREYKKNYENTKTSYHTPADMLSVTAAKDAQANITNTNYKHLIHKYILLPDAMNIELTRNMNRIQSDNEYKQDYNEWYKGLGWSPAGSLEVEKAKKATEYASDQKYRQHPSNFQFKKLTDSMDMVLAKQNAHTMNKHLYTIDWNKDKTKIHVMPDTPDILQAKQNQTLYSQKLYKLGWEEALKKGYDLPVDAISVQLAKASRDIASDYKYKQGYRKQLGHHVGFRSLQDDPKLVLSMNVAKMQSEREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQELVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVVQAKKVYELQSENLYKSDLEWLRGIGWSPLGSLEAEKNKRASEIISEKKYRQPPDRNKFTSIPDAMDIVLAKTNAKNRSDRLYREAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPDIVLAKANLINTSDKLYRMGYEELKRKGYDLPVDAIPIKAAKASREIASEYKYKEGFRKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNLYKSDLQWLKGIGWMTSGSLEDEKNKRATQILSDHVYRQHPDQFKFSSLMDSIPMVLAKNNAITMNHRLYTEAWDKDKTTVHIMPDTPEVLLAKQNKVNYSEKLYKLGLEEAKRKGYDMRVDAIPIKAAKASRDIASEFKYKEGYRKQLGHHIGARAIRDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNMYKSDLQWMRGIGWVSIGSLDVEKCKRATEILSDKIYRQPPDRFKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNAITMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPEIMLARMNKINYSESLYKLANEEAKKKGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDIISDYKYKDGYCKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHEWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNIYKSDLQWLRGIGWVPIGSMDVVKCKRATEILSDNIYRQPPDKLKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPEIMLARQNKINYSETLYKLANEEAKKKGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDVISDYKYKDGYRKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHEWTCLPDQNDVIHARQAYDLQSDNIYKSDLQWLRGIGWVPIGSMDVVKCKRAAEILSDNIYRQPPDKLKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQVHIMPDTPEIMLARQNKINYSESLYRQAMEEAKKEGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDIASDYKYKEAYRKQLGHHIGARAVHDDPKIMWSLHIAKVQSDREYKKDFEKYKTRYSSPVDMLGIVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKHPLHEWICLPDQNDIIHARKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWMKGIGWVPIDSLEVVRAKRAGELLSDTIYRQRPETLKFTSITDTPEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDNDKKTIHVMPDTPEIMLAKLNRINYSDKLYKLALEESKKEGYDLRLDAIPIQAAKASRDIASDYKYKEGYRKQLGHHIGARNIKDDPKMMWSIHVAKIQSDREYKKEFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQILVSDIDYKHPLHEWTCLPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDAIYKSDLEWLRGIGWVPIGSVEVEKVKRAGEILSDRKYRQPADQLKFTCITDTPEIVLAKNNALTMSKHLYTEAWDADKTSIHVMPDTPDILLAKSNSANISQKLYTKGWDESKMKDYDLRADAISIKSAKASRDIASDYKYKEAYEKQKGHHIGAQSIEDDPKIMCAIHAGKIQSEREYKKEFQKWKTKFSSPVDMLSILLAKKCQTLVTDIDYRNYLHEWTCMPDQNDIIQAKKAYDLQSDSVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPEGSVEMNRVKVAQDLVNERLYRTRPEALSFTSIVDTPEVVLAKANSLQISEKLYQEAWNKDKSNITIPSDTPEMLQAHINALQISNKLYQKDWNDAKQKGYDIRADAIEIKHAKASREIASEYKYKEGYRKQLGHHMGFRTLQDDPKSVWAIHAAKIQSDREYKKAYEKSKGIHNTPLDMMSIVQAKKCQVLVSDIDYRNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVIQAKKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWLKGIGWLPEGSVEVMRVKNAQNLLNERLYRIKPEALKFTSIVDTPEVIQAKINAVQISEPLYRDAWEKEKANVNVPADTPLMLQSKINALQISNKRYQQAWEDVKMTGYDLRADAIGIQHAKASRDIASDYLYKTAYEKQKGHYIGCRSAKEDPKLVWAANVLKMQNDRLYKKAYNDHKAKISIPVDMVSISAAKEGQALASDVDYRHYLHHWSCFPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDSVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPEGSVEMNRVKVAQDLVNERLYRTRPEALSFTSIVDTPEVVLAKANSLQISEKLYQEAWNKDKSNITIPSDTPEMLQAHINALQISNKLYQKDWNDTKQKGYDIRADAIEIKHAKASREIASEYKYKEGYRKQLGHHMGFRTLQDDPKSVWAIHAAKIQSDREYKKAYEKSKGIHNTPLDMMSIVQAKKCQVLVSDIDYRNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVIQAKKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWLKGIGWLPEGSVEVMRVKNAQNLLNERLYRIKPEALKFTSIVDTPEVIQAKINAVQISEPLYRNAWEKEKANVNVPADTPLMLQSKINALQISNKRYQQAWEDVKMTGYDLRADAIGIQHAKASRDIASDYLYKTAYEKQKGHYIGCRSAKEDPKLVWAANVLKMQNDRLYKKAYNDHKAKISIPVDMVSISAAKEGQALASDVDYRHYLHHWSCFPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDSVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPEGSVEMNRVKVAQDLVNERLYRTRPEALSFTSIVDTPEVVLAKANSLQISEKLYQEAWNKDKSNITIPSDTPEMLQAHINALQISNKLYQKDWNDTKQKGYDIRADAIEIKHAKASREIASEYKYKEGYRKQLGHHMGFRTLQDDPKSVWAIHAAKIQSDREYKKAYEKSKGIHNTPLDMMSIVQAKKCQVLVSDIDYRNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVIQAKKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWLKGIGWLPEGSVEVMRVKNAQNLLNERLYRIKPEALKFTSIVDTPEVIQAKINAVQISEPLYRDAWEKEKANVNVPADTPLMLQSKINALQISNKRYQQAWEDVKMTGYDLRADAIGIQHAKASRDIASDYLYKTAYEKQKGHYIGCRSAKEDPKLVWAANVLKMQNDRLYKKAYNDHKAKISIPVDMVSISAAKEGQALASDVDYRHYLHRWSCFPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDALYKADLEWLRGIGWMPQGSPEVLRVKNAQNIFCDSVYRTPVVNLKYTSIVDTPEVVLAKSNAENISIPKYREVWDKDKTSIHIMPDTPEINLARANALNVSNKLYREGWDEMKAGCDVRLDAIPIQAAKASREIASDYKYKLDHEKQKGHYVGTLTARDDNKIRWALIADKLQNEREYRLDWAKWKAKIQSPVDMLSILHSKNSQALVSDMDYRNYLHQWTCMPDQNDVIQAKKAYELQSDNVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPNDSVSVNHAKHAADIFSEKKYRTKIETLNFTPVDDRVDYVTAKQSGEILDDIKYRKDWNATKSKYTLTETPLLHTAQEAARILDQYLYKEGWERQKATGYILPPDAVPFVHAHHCNDVQSELKYKAEHVKQKGHYVGVPTMRDDPKLVWFEHAGQIQNERLYKEDYHKTKAKINIPADMVSVLAAKQGQTLVSDIDYRNYLHQWMCHPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDNVYRADLEWLRGIGWIPLDSVDHVRVTKNQEMMSQIKYKKNALENYPNFRSVVDPPEIVLAKINSVNQSDVKYKETFNKAKGKYTFSPDTPHISHSKDMGKLYSTILYKGAWEGTKAYGYTLDERYIPIVGAKHADLVNSELKYKETYEKQKGHYLAGKVIGEFPGVVHCLDFQKMRSALNYRKHYEDTKANVHIPNDMMNHVLAKRCQYILSDLEYRHYFHQWTSLLEEPNVIRVRNAQEILSDNVYKDDLNWLKGIGCYVWDTPQILHAKKSYDLQSQLQYTAAGKENLQNYNLVTDTPLYVTAVQSGINASEVKYKENYHQIKDKYTTVLETVDYDRTRNLKNLYSSNLYKEAWDRVKATSYILPSSTLSLTHAKNQKHLASHIKYREEYEKFKALYTLPRSVDDDPNTARCLRVGKLNIDRLYRSVYEKNKMKIHIVPDMVEMVTAKDSQKKVSEIDYRLRLHEWICHPDLQVNDHVRKVTDQISDIVYKDDLNWLKGIGCYVWDTPEILHAKHAYDLRDDIKYKAHMLKTRNDYKLVTDTPVYVQAVKSGKQLSDAVYHYDYVHSVRGKVAPTTKTVDLDRALHAYKLQSSNLYKTSLRTLPTGYRLPGDTPHFKHIKDTRYMSSYFKYKEAYEHTKAYGYTLGPKDVPFVHVRRVNNVTSERLYRELYHKLKDKIHTTPDTPEIRQVKKTQEAVSELIYKSDFFKMQGHMISLPYTPQVIHCRYVGDITSDIKYKEDLQVLKGFGCFLYDTPDMVRSRHLRKLWSNYLYTDKARKMRDKYKVVLDTPEYRKVQELKTHLSELVYRAAGKKQKSIFTSVPDTPDLLRAKRGQKLQSQYLYVELATKERPHHHAGNQTTALKHAKDVKDMVSEKKYKIQYEKMKDKYTPVPDTPILIRAKRAYWNASDLRYKETFQKTKGKYHTVKDALDIVYHRKVTDDISKIKYKENYMSQLGIWRSIPDRPEHFHHRAVTDTVSDVKYKEDLTWLKGIGCYAYDTPDFTLAEKNKTLYSKYKYKEVFERTKSDFKYVADSPINRHFKYATQLMNEKKYRADYEQRKDKYHLVVDEPRHLLAKTAGDQISQIKYRKNYEKSKDKFTSIVDTPEHLRTTKVNKQISDILYKLEYNKAKPRGYTTIHDTPMLLHVRKVKDEVSDLKYKEVYQRNKSNCTIEPDAVHIKAAKDAYKVNTNLDYKKQYEANKAHWKWTPDRPDFLQAAKSSLQQSDFEYKLDREFLKGCKLSVTDDKNTVLALRNTLIESDLKYKEKHVKERGTCHAVPDTPQILLAKTVSNLVSENKYKDHVKKHLAQGSYTTLPETRDTVHVKEVTKHVSDTNYKKKFVKEKGKSNYSIMLEPPEVKHAMEVAKKQSDVAYRKDAKENLHYTTVADRPDIKKATQAAKQASEVEYRAKHRKEGSHGLSMLGRPDIEMAKKAAKLSSQVKYRENFDKEKGKTPKYNPKDSQLYKVMKDANNLASEVKYKADLKKLHKPVTDMKESLIMNHVLNTSQLASSYQYKKKYEKSKGHYHTIPDNLEQLHLKEATELQSIVKYKEKYEKERGKPMLDFETPTYITAKESQQMQSGKEYRKDYEESIKGRNLTGLEVTPALLHVKYATKIASEKEYRKDLEESIRGKGLTEMEDTPDMLRAKNATQILNEKEYKRDLELEVKGRGLNAMANETPDFMRARNATDIASQIKYKQSAEMEKANFTSVVDTPEIIHAQQVKNLSSQKKYKEDAEKSMSYYETVLDTPEIQRVRENQKNFSLLQYQCDLKNSKGKITVVQDTPEILRVKENQKNFSSVLYKEDVSPGTAIGKTPEMMRVKQTQDHISSVKYKEAIGQGTPIPDLPEVKRVKETQKHISSVMYKENLGTGIPTTVTPEIERVKRNQENFSSVLYKENLGKGIPTPITPEMERVKRNQENFSSILYKENLSKGTPLPVTPEMERVKLNQENFSSVLYKENVGKGIPIPITPEMERVKHNQENFSSVLYKENLGTGIPIPITPEMQRVKHNQENLSSVLYKENMGKGTPLPVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENMGKGTPLPVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENMGKGTPLAVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENVGKATATPVTPEMQRVKRNQENISSVLYKENLGKATPTPFTPEMERVKRNQENFSSVLYKENMRKATPTPVTPEMERAKRNQENISSVLYSDSFRKQIQGKAAYVLDTPEMRRVRETQRHISTVKYHEDFEKHKGCFTPVVTDPITERVKKNMQDFSDINYRGIQRKVVEMEQKRNDQDQETITGLRVWRTNPGSVFDYDPAEDNIQSRSLHMINVQAQRRSREQSRSASALSISGGEEKSEHSEAPDHHLSTYSDGGVFAVSTAYKHAKTTELPQQRSSSVATQQTTVSSIPSHPSTAGKIFRAMYDYMAADADEVSFKDGDAIINVQAIDEGWMYGTVQRTGRTGMLPANYVEAI*|MADDEDYEEVVEYYTEEVVYEEVPGETITKIYETTTTRTSDYEQSETSKPALAQPALAQPASAKPVERRKVIRKKVDPSKFMTPYIAHSQKMQDLFSPNKYKEKFEKTKGQPYASTTDTPELRRIKKVQDQLSEVKYRMDGDVAKTICHVDEKAKDIEHAKKVSQQVSKVLYKQNWEDTKDKYLLPPDAPELVQAVKNTAMFSKKLYTEDWEADKSLFYPYNDSPELRRVAQAQKALSDVAYKKGLAEQQAQFTPLADPPDIEFAKKVTNQVSKQKYKEDYENKIKGKWSETPCFEVANARMNADNISTRKYQEDFENMKDQIYFMQTETPEYKMNKKAGVAASKVKYKEDYEKNKGKADYNVLPASENPQLRQLKAAGDALSDKLYKENYEKTKAKSINYCETPKFKLDTVLQNFSSDKKYKDSYLKDILGHYVGSFEDPYHSHCMKVTAQNSDKNYKAEYEEDRGKGFFPQTITQEYEAIKKLDQCKDHTYKVHPDKTKFTQVTDSPVLLQAQVNSKQLSDLNYKAKHESEKFKCHIPPDTPAFIQHKVNAYNLSDNLYKQDWEKSKAKKFDIKVDAIPLLAAKANTKNTSDVMYKKDYEKNKGKMIGVLSINDDPKMLHSLKVAKNQSDRLYKENYEKTKAKSMNYCETPKYQLDTQLKNFSEARYKDLYVKDVLGHYVGSMEDPYHTHCMKVAAQNSDKSYKAEYEEDKGKCYFPQTITQEYEAIKKLDQCKDHTYKVHPDKTKFTAVTDSPVLLQAQLNTKQLSDLNYKAKHEGEKFKCHIPADAPQFIQHRVNAYNLSDNVYKQDWEKSKAKKFDIKVDAIPLLAAKANTKNTSDVMYKKDYEKSKGKMIGALSINDDPKMLHSLKTAKNQSDREYRKDYEKSKTIYTAPLDMLQVTQAKKSQAIASDVDYKHILHSYSYPPDSINVDLAKKAYALQSDVEYKADYNSWMKGCGWVPFGSLEMEKAKRASDILNEKKYRQHPDTLKFTSIEDAPITVQSKINQAQRSDIAYKAKGEEIIHKYNLPPDLPQFIQAKVNAYNISENMYKADLKDLSKKGYDLRTDAIPIRAAKAARQAASDVQYKKDYEKAKGKMVGFQSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKIQSDREYKKDYEKTKSKYNTPHDMFNVVAAKKAQDVVSNVNYKHSLHHYTYLPDAMDLELSKNMMQIQSDNVYKEDYNNWMKGIGWIPIGSLDVEKVKKAGDALNEKKYRQHPDTLKFTSIVDSPVMVQAKQNTKQVSDILYKAKGEDVKHKYTMSPDLPQFLQAKCNAYNISDVCYKRDWYDLIAKGNNVLGDAIPITAAKASRNIASDYKYKEAYEKSKGKHVGFRSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKLQSDREYKKNYENTKTSYHTPGDMVSITAAKMAQDVATNVNYKQPLHHYTYLPDAMSLEHTRNVNQIQSDNVYKDEYNSFLKGIGWIPIGSLEVEKVKKAGDALNERKYRQHPDTVKFTSVPDSMGMVLAQHNTKQLSDLNYKVEGEKLKHKYTIDPELPQFIQAKVNALNMSDAHYKADWKKTIAKGYDLRPDAIPIVAAKSSRNIASDCKYKEAYEKAKGKQVGFLSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKIQSDREYKKGYEASKTKYHTPLDMVSVTAAKKSQEVATNANYRQSYHHYTLLPDALNVEHSRNAMQIQSDNLYKSDFTNWMKGIGWVPIESLEVEKAKKAGEILSEKKYRQHPEKLKFTYAMDTMEQALNKSNKLNMDKRLYTEKWNKDKTTIHVMPDTPDILLSRVNQITMSDKLYKAGWEEEKKKGYDLRPDAIAIKAARASRDIASDYKYKKAYEQAKGKHIGFRSLEDDPKLVHFMQVAKMQSDREYKKGYEKSKTSFHTPVDMLSVVAAKKSQEVATNANYRNVIHTYNMLPDAMSFELAKNMMQIQSDNQYKADYADFMKGIGWLPLGSLEAEKNKKAMEIISEKKYRQHPDTLKYSTLMDSMNMVLAQNNAKIMNEHLYKQAWEADKTKVHIMPDIPQIILAKANAINMSDKLYKLSLEESKKKGYDLRPDAIPIKAAKASRDIASDYKYKYNYEKGKGKMVGFRSLEDDPKLVHSMQVAKMQSDREYKKNYENTKTSYHTPADMLSVTAAKDAQANITNTNYKHLIHKYILLPDAMNIELTRNMNRIQSDNEYKQDYNEWYKGLGWSPAGSLEVEKAKKATEYASDQKYRQHPSNFQFKKLTDSMDMVLAKQNAHTMNKHLYTIDWNKDKTKIHVMPDTPDILQAKQNQTLYSQKLYKLGWEEALKKGYDLPVDAISVQLAKASRDIASDYKYKQGYRKQLGHHVGFRSLQDDPKLVLSMNVAKMQSEREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQELVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVVQAKKVYELQSENLYKSDLEWLRGIGWSPLGSLEAEKNKRASEIISEKKYRQPPDRNKFTSIPDAMDIVLAKTNAKNRSDRLYREAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPDIVLAKANLINTSDKLYRMGYEELKRKGYDLPVDAIPIKAAKASREIASEYKYKEGFRKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNLYKSDLQWLKGIGWMTSGSLEDEKNKRATQILSDHVYRQHPDQFKFSSLMDSIPMVLAKNNAITMNHRLYTEAWDKDKTTVHIMPDTPEVLLAKQNKVNYSEKLYKLGLEEAKRKGYDMRVDAIPIKAAKASRDIASEFKYKEGYRKQLGHHIGARAIRDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNMYKSDLQWMRGIGWVSIGSLDVEKCKRATEILSDKIYRQPPDRFKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNAITMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPEIMLARMNKINYSESLYKLANEEAKKKGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDIISDYKYKDGYCKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHEWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNIYKSDLQWLRGIGWVPIGSMDVVKCKRATEILSDNIYRQPPDKLKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPEIMLARQNKINYSETLYKLANEEAKKKGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDVISDYKYKDGYRKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHEWTCLPDQNDVIHARQAYDLQSDNIYKSDLQWLRGIGWVPIGSMDVVKCKRAAEILSDNIYRQPPDKLKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQVHIMPDTPEIMLARQNKINYSESLYRQAMEEAKKEGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDIASDYKYKEAYRKQLGHHIGARAVHDDPKIMWSLHIAKVQSDREYKKDFEKYKTRYSSPVDMLGIVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKHPLHEWICLPDQNDIIHARKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWMKGIGWVPIDSLEVVRAKRAGELLSDTIYRQRPETLKFTSITDTPEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDNDKKTIHVMPDTPEIMLAKLNRINYSDKLYKLALEESKKEGYDLRLDAIPIQAAKASRDIASDYKYKEGYRKQLGHHIGARNIKDDPKMMWSIHVAKIQSDREYKKEFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQILVSDIDYKHPLHEWTCLPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDAIYKSDLEWLRGIGWVPIGSVEVEKVKRAGEILSDRKYRQPADQLKFTCITDTPEIVLAKNNALTMSKHLYTEAWDADKTSIHVMPDTPDILLAKSNSANISQKLYTKGWDESKMKDYDLRADAISIKSAKASRDIASDYKYKEAYEKQKGHHIGAQSIEDDPKIMCAIHAGKIQSEREYKKEFQKWKTKFSSPVDMLSILLAKKCQTLVTDIDYRNYLHEWTCMPDQNDIIQAKKAYDLQSDSVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPEGSVEMNRVKVAQDLVNERLYRTRPEALSFTSIVDTPEVVLAKANSLQISEKLYQEAWNKDKSNITIPSDTPEMLQAHINALQISNKLYQKDWNDAKQKGYDIRADAIEIKHAKASREIASEYKYKEGYRKQLGHHMGFRTLQDDPKSVWAIHAAKIQSDREYKKAYEKSKGIHNTPLDMMSIVQAKKCQVLVSDIDYRNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVIQAKKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWLKGIGWLPEGSVEVMRVKNAQNLLNERLYRIKPEALKFTSIVDTPEVIQAKINAVQISEPLYRDAWEKEKANVNVPADTPLMLQSKINALQISNKRYQQAWEDVKMTGYDLRADAIGIQHAKASRDIASDYLYKTAYEKQKGHYIGCRSAKEDPKLVWAANVLKMQNDRLYKKAYNDHKAKISIPVDMVSISAAKEGQALASDVDYRHYLHHWSCFPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDSVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPEGSVEMNRVKVAQDLVNERLYRTRPEALSFTSIVDTPEVVLAKANSLQISEKLYQEAWNKDKSNITIPSDTPEMLQAHINALQISNKLYQKDWNDTKQKGYDIRADAIEIKHAKASREIASEYKYKEGYRKQLGHHMGFRTLQDDPKSVWAIHAAKIQSDREYKKAYEKSKGIHNTPLDMMSIVQAKKCQVLVSDIDYRNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVIQAKKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWLKGIGWLPEGSVEVMRVKNAQNLLNERLYRIKPEALKFTSIVDTPEVIQAKINAVQISEPLYRNAWEKEKANVNVPADTPLMLQSKINALQISNKRYQQAWEDVKMTGYDLRADAIGIQHAKASRDIASDYLYKTAYEKQKGHYIGCRSAKEDPKLVWAANVLKMQNDRLYKKAYNDHKAKISIPVDMVSISAAKEGQALASDVDYRHYLHHWSCFPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDSVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPEGSVEMNRVKVAQDLVNERLYRTRPEALSFTSIVDTPEVVLAKANSLQISEKLYQEAWNKDKSNITIPSDTPEMLQAHINALQISNKLYQKDWNDTKQKGYDIRADAIEIKHAKASREIASEYKYKEGYRKQLGHHMGFRTLQDDPKSVWAIHAAKIQSDREYKKAYEKSKGIHNTPLDMMSIVQAKKCQVLVSDIDYRNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVIQAKKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWLKGIGWLPEGSVEVMRVKNAQNLLNERLYRIKPEALKFTSIVDTPEVIQAKINAVQISEPLYRDAWEKEKANVNVPADTPLMLQSKINALQISNKRYQQAWEDVKMTGYDLRADAIGIQHAKASRDIASDYLYKTAYEKQKGHYIGCRSAKEDPKLVWAANVLKMQNDRLYKKAYNDHKAKISIPVDMVSISAAKEGQALASDVDYRHYLHRWSCFPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDALYKADLEWLRGIGWMPQGSPEVLRVKNAQNIFCDSVYRTPVVNLKYTSIVDTPEVVLAKSNAENISIPKYREVWDKDKTSIHIMPDTPEINLARANALNVSNKLYREGWDEMKAGCDVRLDAIPIQAAKASREIASDYKYKLDHEKQKGHYVGTLTARDDNKIRWALIADKLQNEREYRLDWAKWKAKIQSPVDMLSILHSKNSQALVSDMDYRNYLHQWTCMPDQNDVIQAKKAYELQSDNVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPNDSVSVNHAKHAADIFSEKKYRTKIETLNFTPVDDRVDYVTAKQSGEILDDIKYRKDWNATKSKYTLTETPLLHTAQEAARILDQYLYKEGWERQKATGYILPPDAVPFVHAHHCNDVQSELKYKAEHVKQKGHYVGVPTMRDDPKLVWFEHAGQIQNERLYKEDYHKTKAKINIPADMVSVLAAKQGQTLVSDIDYRNYLHQWMCHPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDNVYRADLEWLRGIGWIPLDSVDHVRVTKNQEMMSQIKYKKNALENYPNFRSVVDPPEIVLAKINSVNQSDVKYKETFNKAKGKYTFSPDTPHISHSKDMGKLYSTILYKGAWEGTKAYGYTLDERYIPIVGAKHADLVNSELKYKETYEKQKGHYLAGKVIGEFPGVVHCLDFQKMRSALNYRKHYEDTKANVHIPNDMMNHVLAKRCQYILSDLEYRHYFHKWTSLLEEPNVIRVRNAQEILSDNVYKDDLNWLKGIGCYVWDTPQILHAKKSYDLQSQLQYTAAGKENLQNYNLVTDTPLYVTAVQSGINASEVKYKENYHQIKDKYTTVLETVDYDRTRNLKNLYSSNLYKEAWDRVKATSYILPSSTLSLTHAKNQKHLASHIKYREEYEKFKALYTLPRSVDDDPNTARCLRVGKLNIDRLYRSVYEKNKMKIHIVPDMVEMVTAKDSQKKVSEIDYRLRLHEWICHPDLQVNDHVRKVTDQISDIVYKDDLNWLKGIGCYVWDTPEILHAKHAYDLRDDIKYKAHMLKTRNDYKLVTDTPVYVQAVKSGKQLSDAVYHYDYVHSVRGKVAPTTKTVDLDRALHAYKLQSSNLYKTSLRTLPTGYRLPGDTPHFKHIKDTRYMSSYFKYKEAYEHTKAYGYTLGPKDVPFVHVRRVNNVTSERLYRELYHKLKDKIHTTPDTPEIRQVKKTQEAVSELIYKSDFFKMQGHMISLPYTPQVIHCRYVGDITSDIKYKEDLQVLKGFGCFLYDTPDMVRSRHLRKLWSNYLYTDKARKMRDKYKVVLDTPEYRKVQELKTHLSELVYRAAGKKQKSIFTSVPDTPDLLRAKRGQKLQSQYLYVELATKERPHHHAGNQTTALKHAKDVKDMVSEKKYKIQYEKMKDKYTPVPDTPILIRAKRAYWNASDLRYKETFQKTKGKYHTVKDALDIVYHRKVTDDISKIKYKENYMSQLGIWRSIPDRPEHFHHRAVTDTVSDVKYKEDLTWLKGIGCYAYDTPDFTLAEKNKTLYSKYKYKEVFERTKSDFKYVADSPINRHFKYATQLMNEKKYRADYEQRKDKYHLVVDEPRHLLAKTAGDQISQIKYRKNYEKSKDKFTSIVDTPEHLRTTKVNKQISDILYKLEYNKAKPRGYTTIHDTPMLLHVRKVKDEVSDLKYKEVYQRNKSNCTIEPDAVHIKAAKDAYKVNTNLDYKKQYEANKAHWKWTPDRPDFLQAAKSSLQQSDFEYKLDREFLKGCKLSVTDDKNTVLALRNTLIESDLKYKEKHVKERGTCHAVPDTPQILLAKTVSNLVSENKYKDHVKKHLAQGSYTTLPETRDTVHVKEVTKHVSDTNYKKKFVKEKGKSNYSIMLEPPEVKHAMEVAKKQSDVAYRKDAKENLHYTTVADRPDIKKATQAAKQASEVEYRAKHRKEGSHGLSMLGRPDIEMAKKAAKLSSQVKYRENFDKEKGKTPKYNPKDSQLYKVMKDANNLASEVKYKADLKKLHKPVTDMKESLIMNHVLNTSQLASSYQYKKKYEKSKGHYHTIPDNLEQLHLKEATELQSIVKYKEKYEKERGKPMLDFETPTYITAKESQQMQSGKEYRKDYEESIKGRNLTGLEVTPALLHVKYATKIASEKEYRKDLEESIRGKGLTEMEDTPDMLRAKNATQILNEKEYKRDLELEVKGRGLNAMANETPDFMRARNATDIASQIKYKQSAEMEKANFTSVVDTPEIIHAQQVKNLSSQKKYKEDAEKSMSYYETVLDTPEIQRVRENQKNFSLLQYQCDLKNSKGKITVVQDTPEILRVKENQKNFSSVLYKEDVSPGTAIGKTPEMMRVKQTQDHISSVKYKEAIGQGTPIPDLPEVKRVKETQKHISSVMYKENLGTGIPTTVTPEIERVKRNQENFSSVLYKENLGKGIPTPITPEMERVKRNQENFSSILYKENLSKGTPLPVTPEMERVKLNQENFSSVLYKENVGKGIPIPITPEMERVKHNQENFSSVLYKENLGTGIPIPITPEMQRVKHNQENLSSVLYKENMGKGTPLPVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENMGKGTPLPVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENMGKGTPLAVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENVGKATATPVTPEMQRVKRNQENISSVLYKENLGKATPTPFTPEMERVKRNQENFSSVLYKENMRKATPTPVTPEMERAKRNQENISSVLYSDSFRKQIQGKAAYVLDTPEMRRVRETQRHISTVKYHEDFEKHKGCFTPVVTDPITERVKKNMQDFSDINYRGIQRKVVEMEQKRNDQDQETITGLRVWRTNPGSVFDYDPAEDNIQSRSLHMINVQAQRRSREQSRSASALSISGGEEKSEHSEAPDHHLSTYSDGGVFAVSTAYKHAKTTELPQQRSSSVATQQTTVSSIPSHPSTAGKIFRAMYDYMAADADEVSFKDGDAIINVQAIDEGWMYGTVQRTGRTGMLPANYVEAI*
chr2:151562679:G/T:1	chr2	151562679	G|T	1	NEB	NM_001164508	4703	coding	19026	18823	6275	Q>K	nonsyn	None	MADDEDYEEVVEYYTEEVVYEEVPGETITKIYETTTTRTSDYEQSETSKPALAQPALAQPASAKPVERRKVIRKKVDPSKFMTPYIAHSQKMQDLFSPNKYKEKFEKTKGQPYASTTDTPELRRIKKVQDQLSEVKYRMDGDVAKTICHVDEKAKDIEHAKKVSQQVSKVLYKQNWEDTKDKYLLPPDAPELVQAVKNTAMFSKKLYTEDWEADKSLFYPYNDSPELRRVAQAQKALSDVAYKKGLAEQQAQFTPLADPPDIEFAKKVTNQVSKQKYKEDYENKIKGKWSETPCFEVANARMNADNISTRKYQEDFENMKDQIYFMQTETPEYKMNKKAGVAASKVKYKEDYEKNKGKADYNVLPASENPQLRQLKAAGDALSDKLYKENYEKTKAKSINYCETPKFKLDTVLQNFSSDKKYKDSYLKDILGHYVGSFEDPYHSHCMKVTAQNSDKNYKAEYEEDRGKGFFPQTITQEYEAIKKLDQCKDHTYKVHPDKTKFTQVTDSPVLLQAQVNSKQLSDLNYKAKHESEKFKCHIPPDTPAFIQHKVNAYNLSDNLYKQDWEKSKAKKFDIKVDAIPLLAAKANTKNTSDVMYKKDYEKNKGKMIGVLSINDDPKMLHSLKVAKNQSDRLYKENYEKTKAKSMNYCETPKYQLDTQLKNFSEARYKDLYVKDVLGHYVGSMEDPYHTHCMKVAAQNSDKSYKAEYEEDKGKCYFPQTITQEYEAIKKLDQCKDHTYKVHPDKTKFTAVTDSPVLLQAQLNTKQLSDLNYKAKHEGEKFKCHIPADAPQFIQHRVNAYNLSDNVYKQDWEKSKAKKFDIKVDAIPLLAAKANTKNTSDVMYKKDYEKSKGKMIGALSINDDPKMLHSLKTAKNQSDREYRKDYEKSKTIYTAPLDMLQVTQAKKSQAIASDVDYKHILHSYSYPPDSINVDLAKKAYALQSDVEYKADYNSWMKGCGWVPFGSLEMEKAKRASDILNEKKYRQHPDTLKFTSIEDAPITVQSKINQAQRSDIAYKAKGEEIIHKYNLPPDLPQFIQAKVNAYNISENMYKADLKDLSKKGYDLRTDAIPIRAAKAARQAASDVQYKKDYEKAKGKMVGFQSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKIQSDREYKKDYEKTKSKYNTPHDMFNVVAAKKAQDVVSNVNYKHSLHHYTYLPDAMDLELSKNMMQIQSDNVYKEDYNNWMKGIGWIPIGSLDVEKVKKAGDALNEKKYRQHPDTLKFTSIVDSPVMVQAKQNTKQVSDILYKAKGEDVKHKYTMSPDLPQFLQAKCNAYNISDVCYKRDWYDLIAKGNNVLGDAIPITAAKASRNIASDYKYKEAYEKSKGKHVGFRSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKLQSDREYKKNYENTKTSYHTPGDMVSITAAKMAQDVATNVNYKQPLHHYTYLPDAMSLEHTRNVNQIQSDNVYKDEYNSFLKGIGWIPIGSLEVEKVKKAGDALNERKYRQHPDTVKFTSVPDSMGMVLAQHNTKQLSDLNYKVEGEKLKHKYTIDPELPQFIQAKVNALNMSDAHYKADWKKTIAKGYDLRPDAIPIVAAKSSRNIASDCKYKEAYEKAKGKQVGFLSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKIQSDREYKKGYEASKTKYHTPLDMVSVTAAKKSQEVATNANYRQSYHHYTLLPDALNVEHSRNAMQIQSDNLYKSDFTNWMKGIGWVPIESLEVEKAKKAGEILSEKKYRQHPEKLKFTYAMDTMEQALNKSNKLNMDKRLYTEKWNKDKTTIHVMPDTPDILLSRVNQITMSDKLYKAGWEEEKKKGYDLRPDAIAIKAARASRDIASDYKYKKAYEQAKGKHIGFRSLEDDPKLVHFMQVAKMQSDREYKKGYEKSKTSFHTPVDMLSVVAAKKSQEVATNANYRNVIHTYNMLPDAMSFELAKNMMQIQSDNQYKADYADFMKGIGWLPLGSLEAEKNKKAMEIISEKKYRQHPDTLKYSTLMDSMNMVLAQNNAKIMNEHLYKQAWEADKTKVHIMPDIPQIILAKANAINMSDKLYKLSLEESKKKGYDLRPDAIPIKAAKASRDIASDYKYKYNYEKGKGKMVGFRSLEDDPKLVHSMQVAKMQSDREYKKNYENTKTSYHTPADMLSVTAAKDAQANITNTNYKHLIHKYILLPDAMNIELTRNMNRIQSDNEYKQDYNEWYKGLGWSPAGSLEVEKAKKATEYASDQKYRQHPSNFQFKKLTDSMDMVLAKQNAHTMNKHLYTIDWNKDKTKIHVMPDTPDILQAKQNQTLYSQKLYKLGWEEALKKGYDLPVDAISVQLAKASRDIASDYKYKQGYRKQLGHHVGFRSLQDDPKLVLSMNVAKMQSEREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQELVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVVQAKKVYELQSENLYKSDLEWLRGIGWSPLGSLEAEKNKRASEIISEKKYRQPPDRNKFTSIPDAMDIVLAKTNAKNRSDRLYREAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPDIVLAKANLINTSDKLYRMGYEELKRKGYDLPVDAIPIKAAKASREIASEYKYKEGFRKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNLYKSDLQWLKGIGWMTSGSLEDEKNKRATQILSDHVYRQHPDQFKFSSLMDSIPMVLAKNNAITMNHRLYTEAWDKDKTTVHIMPDTPEVLLAKQNKVNYSEKLYKLGLEEAKRKGYDMRVDAIPIKAAKASRDIASEFKYKEGYRKQLGHHIGARAIRDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNMYKSDLQWMRGIGWVSIGSLDVEKCKRATEILSDKIYRQPPDRFKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNAITMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPEIMLARMNKINYSESLYKLANEEAKKKGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDIISDYKYKDGYCKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHEWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNIYKSDLQWLRGIGWVPIGSMDVVKCKRATEILSDNIYRQPPDKLKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPEIMLARQNKINYSETLYKLANEEAKKKGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDVISDYKYKDGYRKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHEWTCLPDQNDVIHARQAYDLQSDNIYKSDLQWLRGIGWVPIGSMDVVKCKRAAEILSDNIYRQPPDKLKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQVHIMPDTPEIMLARQNKINYSESLYRQAMEEAKKEGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDIASDYKYKEAYRKQLGHHIGARAVHDDPKIMWSLHIAKVQSDREYKKDFEKYKTRYSSPVDMLGIVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKHPLHEWICLPDQNDIIHARKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWMKGIGWVPIDSLEVVRAKRAGELLSDTIYRQRPETLKFTSITDTPEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDNDKKTIHVMPDTPEIMLAKLNRINYSDKLYKLALEESKKEGYDLRLDAIPIQAAKASRDIASDYKYKEGYRKQLGHHIGARNIKDDPKMMWSIHVAKIQSDREYKKEFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQILVSDIDYKHPLHEWTCLPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDAIYKSDLEWLRGIGWVPIGSVEVEKVKRAGEILSDRKYRQPADQLKFTCITDTPEIVLAKNNALTMSKHLYTEAWDADKTSIHVMPDTPDILLAKSNSANISQKLYTKGWDESKMKDYDLRADAISIKSAKASRDIASDYKYKEAYEKQKGHHIGAQSIEDDPKIMCAIHAGKIQSEREYKKEFQKWKTKFSSPVDMLSILLAKKCQTLVTDIDYRNYLHEWTCMPDQNDIIQAKKAYDLQSDSVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPEGSVEMNRVKVAQDLVNERLYRTRPEALSFTSIVDTPEVVLAKANSLQISEKLYQEAWNKDKSNITIPSDTPEMLQAHINALQISNKLYQKDWNDAKQKGYDIRADAIEIKHAKASREIASEYKYKEGYRKQLGHHMGFRTLQDDPKSVWAIHAAKIQSDREYKKAYEKSKGIHNTPLDMMSIVQAKKCQVLVSDIDYRNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVIQAKKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWLKGIGWLPEGSVEVMRVKNAQNLLNERLYRIKPEALKFTSIVDTPEVIQAKINAVQISEPLYRDAWEKEKANVNVPADTPLMLQSKINALQISNKRYQQAWEDVKMTGYDLRADAIGIQHAKASRDIASDYLYKTAYEKQKGHYIGCRSAKEDPKLVWAANVLKMQNDRLYKKAYNDHKAKISIPVDMVSISAAKEGQALASDVDYRHYLHHWSCFPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDSVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPEGSVEMNRVKVAQDLVNERLYRTRPEALSFTSIVDTPEVVLAKANSLQISEKLYQEAWNKDKSNITIPSDTPEMLQAHINALQISNKLYQKDWNDTKQKGYDIRADAIEIKHAKASREIASEYKYKEGYRKQLGHHMGFRTLQDDPKSVWAIHAAKIQSDREYKKAYEKSKGIHNTPLDMMSIVQAKKCQVLVSDIDYRNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVIQAKKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWLKGIGWLPEGSVEVMRVKNAQNLLNERLYRIKPEALKFTSIVDTPEVIQAKINAVQISEPLYRNAWEKEKANVNVPADTPLMLQSKINALQISNKRYQQAWEDVKMTGYDLRADAIGIQHAKASRDIASDYLYKTAYEKQKGHYIGCRSAKEDPKLVWAANVLKMQNDRLYKKAYNDHKAKISIPVDMVSISAAKEGQALASDVDYRHYLHHWSCFPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDSVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPEGSVEMNRVKVAQDLVNERLYRTRPEALSFTSIVDTPEVVLAKANSLQISEKLYQEAWNKDKSNITIPSDTPEMLQAHINALQISNKLYQKDWNDTKQKGYDIRADAIEIKHAKASREIASEYKYKEGYRKQLGHHMGFRTLQDDPKSVWAIHAAKIQSDREYKKAYEKSKGIHNTPLDMMSIVQAKKCQVLVSDIDYRNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVIQAKKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWLKGIGWLPEGSVEVMRVKNAQNLLNERLYRIKPEALKFTSIVDTPEVIQAKINAVQISEPLYRDAWEKEKANVNVPADTPLMLQSKINALQISNKRYQQAWEDVKMTGYDLRADAIGIQHAKASRDIASDYLYKTAYEKQKGHYIGCRSAKEDPKLVWAANVLKMQNDRLYKKAYNDHKAKISIPVDMVSISAAKEGQALASDVDYRHYLHRWSCFPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDALYKADLEWLRGIGWMPQGSPEVLRVKNAQNIFCDSVYRTPVVNLKYTSIVDTPEVVLAKSNAENISIPKYREVWDKDKTSIHIMPDTPEINLARANALNVSNKLYREGWDEMKAGCDVRLDAIPIQAAKASREIASDYKYKLDHEKQKGHYVGTLTARDDNKIRWALIADKLQNEREYRLDWAKWKAKIQSPVDMLSILHSKNSQALVSDMDYRNYLHQWTCMPDQNDVIQAKKAYELQSDNVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPNDSVSVNHAKHAADIFSEKKYRTKIETLNFTPVDDRVDYVTAKQSGEILDDIKYRKDWNATKSKYTLTETPLLHTAQEAARILDQYLYKEGWERQKATGYILPPDAVPFVHAHHCNDVQSELKYKAEHVKQKGHYVGVPTMRDDPKLVWFEHAGQIQNERLYKEDYHKTKAKINIPADMVSVLAAKQGQTLVSDIDYRNYLHQWMCHPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDNVYRADLEWLRGIGWIPLDSVDHVRVTKNQEMMSQIKYKKNALENYPNFRSVVDPPEIVLAKINSVNQSDVKYKETFNKAKGKYTFSPDTPHISHSKDMGKLYSTILYKGAWEGTKAYGYTLDERYIPIVGAKHADLVNSELKYKETYEKQKGHYLAGKVIGEFPGVVHCLDFQKMRSALNYRKHYEDTKANVHIPNDMMNHVLAKRCQYILSDLEYRHYFHQWTSLLEEPNVIRVRNAQEILSDNVYKDDLNWLKGIGCYVWDTPQILHAKKSYDLQSQLQYTAAGKENLQNYNLVTDTPLYVTAVQSGINASEVKYKENYHQIKDKYTTVLETVDYDRTRNLKNLYSSNLYKEAWDRVKATSYILPSSTLSLTHAKNQKHLASHIKYREEYEKFKALYTLPRSVDDDPNTARCLRVGKLNIDRLYRSVYEKNKMKIHIVPDMVEMVTAKDSQKKVSEIDYRLRLHEWICHPDLQVNDHVRKVTDQISDIVYKDDLNWLKGIGCYVWDTPEILHAKHAYDLRDDIKYKAHMLKTRNDYKLVTDTPVYVQAVKSGKQLSDAVYHYDYVHSVRGKVAPTTKTVDLDRALHAYKLQSSNLYKTSLRTLPTGYRLPGDTPHFKHIKDTRYMSSYFKYKEAYEHTKAYGYTLGPKDVPFVHVRRVNNVTSERLYRELYHKLKDKIHTTPDTPEIRQVKKTQEAVSELIYKSDFFKMQGHMISLPYTPQVIHCRYVGDITSDIKYKEDLQVLKGFGCFLYDTPDMVRSRHLRKLWSNYLYTDKARKMRDKYKVVLDTPEYRKVQELKTHLSELVYRAAGKKQKSIFTSVPDTPDLLRAKRGQKLQSQYLYVELATKERPHHHAGNQTTALKHAKDVKDMVSEKKYKIQYEKMKDKYTPVPDTPILIRAKRAYWNASDLRYKETFQKTKGKYHTVKDALDIVYHRKVTDDISKIKYKENYMSQLGIWRSIPDRPEHFHHRAVTDTVSDVKYKEDLTWLKGIGCYAYDTPDFTLAEKNKTLYSKYKYKEVFERTKSDFKYVADSPINRHFKYATQLMNERKYKSSAKMFLQHGCNEILRPDMLTALYNSHMWSQIKYRKNYEKSKDKFTSIVDTPEHLRTTKVNKQISDILYKLEYNKAKPRGYTTIHDTPMLLHVRKVKDEVSDLKYKEVYQRNKSNCTIEPDAVHIKAAKDAYKVNTNLDYKKQYEANKAHWKWTPDRPDFLQAAKSSLQQSDFEYKLDREFLKGCKLSVTDDKNTVLALRNTLIESDLKYKEKHVKERGTCHAVPDTPQILLAKTVSNLVSENKYKDHVKKHLAQGSYTTLPETRDTVHVKEVTKHVSDTNYKKKFVKEKGKSNYSIMLEPPEVKHAMEVAKKQSDVAYRKDAKENLHYTTVADRPDIKKATQAAKQASEVEYRAKHRKEGSHGLSMLGRPDIEMAKKAAKLSSQVKYRENFDKEKGKTPKYNPKDSQLYKVMKDANNLASEVKYKADLKKLHKPVTDMKESLIMNHVLNTSQLASSYQYKKKYEKSKGHYHTIPDNLEQLHLKEATELQSIVKYKEKYEKERGKPMLDFETPTYITAKESQQMQSGKEYRKDYEESIKGRNLTGLEVTPALLHVKYATKIASEKEYRKDLEESIRGKGLTEMEDTPDMLRAKNATQILNEKEYKRDLELEVKGRGLNAMANETPDFMRARNATDIASQIKYKQSAEMEKANFTSVVDTPEIIHAQQVKNLSSQKKYKEDAEKSMSYYETVLDTPEIQRVRENQKNFSLLQYQCDLKNSKGKITVVQDTPEILRVKENQKNFSSVLYKEDVSPGTAIGKTPEMMRVKQTQDHISSVKYKEAIGQGTPIPDLPEVKRVKETQKHISSVMYKENLGTGIPTTVTPEIERVKRNQENFSSVLYKENLGKGIPTPITPEMERVKRNQENFSSILYKENLSKGTPLPVTPEMERVKLNQENFSSVLYKENVGKGIPIPITPEMERVKHNQENFSSVLYKENLGTGIPIPITPEMQRVKHNQENLSSVLYKENMGKGTPLPVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENMGKGTPLPVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENMGKGTPLAVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENVGKATATPVTPEMQRVKRNQENISSVLYKENLGKATPTPFTPEMERVKRNQENFSSVLYKENMRKATPTPVTPEMERAKRNQENISSVLYSDSFRKQIQGKAAYVLDTPEMRRVRETQRHISTVKYHEDFEKHKGCFTPVVTDPITERVKKNMQDFSDINYRGIQRKVVEMEQKRNDQDQETITGLRVWRTNPGSVFDYDPAEDNIQSRSLHMINVQAQRRSREQSRSASALSISGGEEKSEHSEAPDHHLSTYSDGGVFAVSTAYKHAKTTELPQQRSSSVATQQTTVSSIPSHPSTAGKIFRAMYDYMAADADEVSFKDGDAIINVQAIDEGWMYGTVQRTGRTGMLPANYVEAI*|MADDEDYEEVVEYYTEEVVYEEVPGETITKIYETTTTRTSDYEQSETSKPALAQPALAQPASAKPVERRKVIRKKVDPSKFMTPYIAHSQKMQDLFSPNKYKEKFEKTKGQPYASTTDTPELRRIKKVQDQLSEVKYRMDGDVAKTICHVDEKAKDIEHAKKVSQQVSKVLYKQNWEDTKDKYLLPPDAPELVQAVKNTAMFSKKLYTEDWEADKSLFYPYNDSPELRRVAQAQKALSDVAYKKGLAEQQAQFTPLADPPDIEFAKKVTNQVSKQKYKEDYENKIKGKWSETPCFEVANARMNADNISTRKYQEDFENMKDQIYFMQTETPEYKMNKKAGVAASKVKYKEDYEKNKGKADYNVLPASENPQLRQLKAAGDALSDKLYKENYEKTKAKSINYCETPKFKLDTVLQNFSSDKKYKDSYLKDILGHYVGSFEDPYHSHCMKVTAQNSDKNYKAEYEEDRGKGFFPQTITQEYEAIKKLDQCKDHTYKVHPDKTKFTQVTDSPVLLQAQVNSKQLSDLNYKAKHESEKFKCHIPPDTPAFIQHKVNAYNLSDNLYKQDWEKSKAKKFDIKVDAIPLLAAKANTKNTSDVMYKKDYEKNKGKMIGVLSINDDPKMLHSLKVAKNQSDRLYKENYEKTKAKSMNYCETPKYQLDTQLKNFSEARYKDLYVKDVLGHYVGSMEDPYHTHCMKVAAQNSDKSYKAEYEEDKGKCYFPQTITQEYEAIKKLDQCKDHTYKVHPDKTKFTAVTDSPVLLQAQLNTKQLSDLNYKAKHEGEKFKCHIPADAPQFIQHRVNAYNLSDNVYKQDWEKSKAKKFDIKVDAIPLLAAKANTKNTSDVMYKKDYEKSKGKMIGALSINDDPKMLHSLKTAKNQSDREYRKDYEKSKTIYTAPLDMLQVTQAKKSQAIASDVDYKHILHSYSYPPDSINVDLAKKAYALQSDVEYKADYNSWMKGCGWVPFGSLEMEKAKRASDILNEKKYRQHPDTLKFTSIEDAPITVQSKINQAQRSDIAYKAKGEEIIHKYNLPPDLPQFIQAKVNAYNISENMYKADLKDLSKKGYDLRTDAIPIRAAKAARQAASDVQYKKDYEKAKGKMVGFQSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKIQSDREYKKDYEKTKSKYNTPHDMFNVVAAKKAQDVVSNVNYKHSLHHYTYLPDAMDLELSKNMMQIQSDNVYKEDYNNWMKGIGWIPIGSLDVEKVKKAGDALNEKKYRQHPDTLKFTSIVDSPVMVQAKQNTKQVSDILYKAKGEDVKHKYTMSPDLPQFLQAKCNAYNISDVCYKRDWYDLIAKGNNVLGDAIPITAAKASRNIASDYKYKEAYEKSKGKHVGFRSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKLQSDREYKKNYENTKTSYHTPGDMVSITAAKMAQDVATNVNYKQPLHHYTYLPDAMSLEHTRNVNQIQSDNVYKDEYNSFLKGIGWIPIGSLEVEKVKKAGDALNERKYRQHPDTVKFTSVPDSMGMVLAQHNTKQLSDLNYKVEGEKLKHKYTIDPELPQFIQAKVNALNMSDAHYKADWKKTIAKGYDLRPDAIPIVAAKSSRNIASDCKYKEAYEKAKGKQVGFLSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKIQSDREYKKGYEASKTKYHTPLDMVSVTAAKKSQEVATNANYRQSYHHYTLLPDALNVEHSRNAMQIQSDNLYKSDFTNWMKGIGWVPIESLEVEKAKKAGEILSEKKYRQHPEKLKFTYAMDTMEQALNKSNKLNMDKRLYTEKWNKDKTTIHVMPDTPDILLSRVNQITMSDKLYKAGWEEEKKKGYDLRPDAIAIKAARASRDIASDYKYKKAYEQAKGKHIGFRSLEDDPKLVHFMQVAKMQSDREYKKGYEKSKTSFHTPVDMLSVVAAKKSQEVATNANYRNVIHTYNMLPDAMSFELAKNMMQIQSDNQYKADYADFMKGIGWLPLGSLEAEKNKKAMEIISEKKYRQHPDTLKYSTLMDSMNMVLAQNNAKIMNEHLYKQAWEADKTKVHIMPDIPQIILAKANAINMSDKLYKLSLEESKKKGYDLRPDAIPIKAAKASRDIASDYKYKYNYEKGKGKMVGFRSLEDDPKLVHSMQVAKMQSDREYKKNYENTKTSYHTPADMLSVTAAKDAQANITNTNYKHLIHKYILLPDAMNIELTRNMNRIQSDNEYKQDYNEWYKGLGWSPAGSLEVEKAKKATEYASDQKYRQHPSNFQFKKLTDSMDMVLAKQNAHTMNKHLYTIDWNKDKTKIHVMPDTPDILQAKQNQTLYSQKLYKLGWEEALKKGYDLPVDAISVQLAKASRDIASDYKYKQGYRKQLGHHVGFRSLQDDPKLVLSMNVAKMQSEREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQELVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVVQAKKVYELQSENLYKSDLEWLRGIGWSPLGSLEAEKNKRASEIISEKKYRQPPDRNKFTSIPDAMDIVLAKTNAKNRSDRLYREAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPDIVLAKANLINTSDKLYRMGYEELKRKGYDLPVDAIPIKAAKASREIASEYKYKEGFRKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNLYKSDLQWLKGIGWMTSGSLEDEKNKRATQILSDHVYRQHPDQFKFSSLMDSIPMVLAKNNAITMNHRLYTEAWDKDKTTVHIMPDTPEVLLAKQNKVNYSEKLYKLGLEEAKRKGYDMRVDAIPIKAAKASRDIASEFKYKEGYRKQLGHHIGARAIRDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNMYKSDLQWMRGIGWVSIGSLDVEKCKRATEILSDKIYRQPPDRFKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNAITMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPEIMLARMNKINYSESLYKLANEEAKKKGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDIISDYKYKDGYCKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHEWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNIYKSDLQWLRGIGWVPIGSMDVVKCKRATEILSDNIYRQPPDKLKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPEIMLARQNKINYSETLYKLANEEAKKKGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDVISDYKYKDGYRKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHEWTCLPDQNDVIHARQAYDLQSDNIYKSDLQWLRGIGWVPIGSMDVVKCKRAAEILSDNIYRQPPDKLKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQVHIMPDTPEIMLARQNKINYSESLYRQAMEEAKKEGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDIASDYKYKEAYRKQLGHHIGARAVHDDPKIMWSLHIAKVQSDREYKKDFEKYKTRYSSPVDMLGIVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKHPLHEWICLPDQNDIIHARKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWMKGIGWVPIDSLEVVRAKRAGELLSDTIYRQRPETLKFTSITDTPEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDNDKKTIHVMPDTPEIMLAKLNRINYSDKLYKLALEESKKEGYDLRLDAIPIQAAKASRDIASDYKYKEGYRKQLGHHIGARNIKDDPKMMWSIHVAKIQSDREYKKEFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQILVSDIDYKHPLHEWTCLPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDAIYKSDLEWLRGIGWVPIGSVEVEKVKRAGEILSDRKYRQPADQLKFTCITDTPEIVLAKNNALTMSKHLYTEAWDADKTSIHVMPDTPDILLAKSNSANISQKLYTKGWDESKMKDYDLRADAISIKSAKASRDIASDYKYKEAYEKQKGHHIGAQSIEDDPKIMCAIHAGKIQSEREYKKEFQKWKTKFSSPVDMLSILLAKKCQTLVTDIDYRNYLHEWTCMPDQNDIIQAKKAYDLQSDSVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPEGSVEMNRVKVAQDLVNERLYRTRPEALSFTSIVDTPEVVLAKANSLQISEKLYQEAWNKDKSNITIPSDTPEMLQAHINALQISNKLYQKDWNDAKQKGYDIRADAIEIKHAKASREIASEYKYKEGYRKQLGHHMGFRTLQDDPKSVWAIHAAKIQSDREYKKAYEKSKGIHNTPLDMMSIVQAKKCQVLVSDIDYRNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVIQAKKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWLKGIGWLPEGSVEVMRVKNAQNLLNERLYRIKPEALKFTSIVDTPEVIQAKINAVQISEPLYRDAWEKEKANVNVPADTPLMLQSKINALQISNKRYQQAWEDVKMTGYDLRADAIGIQHAKASRDIASDYLYKTAYEKQKGHYIGCRSAKEDPKLVWAANVLKMQNDRLYKKAYNDHKAKISIPVDMVSISAAKEGQALASDVDYRHYLHHWSCFPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDSVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPEGSVEMNRVKVAQDLVNERLYRTRPEALSFTSIVDTPEVVLAKANSLQISEKLYQEAWNKDKSNITIPSDTPEMLQAHINALQISNKLYQKDWNDTKQKGYDIRADAIEIKHAKASREIASEYKYKEGYRKQLGHHMGFRTLQDDPKSVWAIHAAKIQSDREYKKAYEKSKGIHNTPLDMMSIVQAKKCQVLVSDIDYRNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVIQAKKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWLKGIGWLPEGSVEVMRVKNAQNLLNERLYRIKPEALKFTSIVDTPEVIQAKINAVQISEPLYRNAWEKEKANVNVPADTPLMLQSKINALQISNKRYQQAWEDVKMTGYDLRADAIGIQHAKASRDIASDYLYKTAYEKQKGHYIGCRSAKEDPKLVWAANVLKMQNDRLYKKAYNDHKAKISIPVDMVSISAAKEGQALASDVDYRHYLHHWSCFPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDSVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPEGSVEMNRVKVAQDLVNERLYRTRPEALSFTSIVDTPEVVLAKANSLQISEKLYQEAWNKDKSNITIPSDTPEMLQAHINALQISNKLYQKDWNDTKQKGYDIRADAIEIKHAKASREIASEYKYKEGYRKQLGHHMGFRTLQDDPKSVWAIHAAKIQSDREYKKAYEKSKGIHNTPLDMMSIVQAKKCQVLVSDIDYRNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVIQAKKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWLKGIGWLPEGSVEVMRVKNAQNLLNERLYRIKPEALKFTSIVDTPEVIQAKINAVQISEPLYRDAWEKEKANVNVPADTPLMLQSKINALQISNKRYQQAWEDVKMTGYDLRADAIGIQHAKASRDIASDYLYKTAYEKQKGHYIGCRSAKEDPKLVWAANVLKMQNDRLYKKAYNDHKAKISIPVDMVSISAAKEGQALASDVDYRHYLHRWSCFPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDALYKADLEWLRGIGWMPQGSPEVLRVKNAQNIFCDSVYRTPVVNLKYTSIVDTPEVVLAKSNAENISIPKYREVWDKDKTSIHIMPDTPEINLARANALNVSNKLYREGWDEMKAGCDVRLDAIPIQAAKASREIASDYKYKLDHEKQKGHYVGTLTARDDNKIRWALIADKLQNEREYRLDWAKWKAKIQSPVDMLSILHSKNSQALVSDMDYRNYLHQWTCMPDQNDVIQAKKAYELQSDNVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPNDSVSVNHAKHAADIFSEKKYRTKIETLNFTPVDDRVDYVTAKQSGEILDDIKYRKDWNATKSKYTLTETPLLHTAQEAARILDQYLYKEGWERQKATGYILPPDAVPFVHAHHCNDVQSELKYKAEHVKQKGHYVGVPTMRDDPKLVWFEHAGQIQNERLYKEDYHKTKAKINIPADMVSVLAAKQGQTLVSDIDYRNYLHQWMCHPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDNVYRADLEWLRGIGWIPLDSVDHVRVTKNQEMMSQIKYKKNALENYPNFRSVVDPPEIVLAKINSVNQSDVKYKETFNKAKGKYTFSPDTPHISHSKDMGKLYSTILYKGAWEGTKAYGYTLDERYIPIVGAKHADLVNSELKYKETYEKQKGHYLAGKVIGEFPGVVHCLDFQKMRSALNYRKHYEDTKANVHIPNDMMNHVLAKRCQYILSDLEYRHYFHKWTSLLEEPNVIRVRNAQEILSDNVYKDDLNWLKGIGCYVWDTPQILHAKKSYDLQSQLQYTAAGKENLQNYNLVTDTPLYVTAVQSGINASEVKYKENYHQIKDKYTTVLETVDYDRTRNLKNLYSSNLYKEAWDRVKATSYILPSSTLSLTHAKNQKHLASHIKYREEYEKFKALYTLPRSVDDDPNTARCLRVGKLNIDRLYRSVYEKNKMKIHIVPDMVEMVTAKDSQKKVSEIDYRLRLHEWICHPDLQVNDHVRKVTDQISDIVYKDDLNWLKGIGCYVWDTPEILHAKHAYDLRDDIKYKAHMLKTRNDYKLVTDTPVYVQAVKSGKQLSDAVYHYDYVHSVRGKVAPTTKTVDLDRALHAYKLQSSNLYKTSLRTLPTGYRLPGDTPHFKHIKDTRYMSSYFKYKEAYEHTKAYGYTLGPKDVPFVHVRRVNNVTSERLYRELYHKLKDKIHTTPDTPEIRQVKKTQEAVSELIYKSDFFKMQGHMISLPYTPQVIHCRYVGDITSDIKYKEDLQVLKGFGCFLYDTPDMVRSRHLRKLWSNYLYTDKARKMRDKYKVVLDTPEYRKVQELKTHLSELVYRAAGKKQKSIFTSVPDTPDLLRAKRGQKLQSQYLYVELATKERPHHHAGNQTTALKHAKDVKDMVSEKKYKIQYEKMKDKYTPVPDTPILIRAKRAYWNASDLRYKETFQKTKGKYHTVKDALDIVYHRKVTDDISKIKYKENYMSQLGIWRSIPDRPEHFHHRAVTDTVSDVKYKEDLTWLKGIGCYAYDTPDFTLAEKNKTLYSKYKYKEVFERTKSDFKYVADSPINRHFKYATQLMNERKYKSSAKMFLQHGCNEILRPDMLTALYNSHMWSQIKYRKNYEKSKDKFTSIVDTPEHLRTTKVNKQISDILYKLEYNKAKPRGYTTIHDTPMLLHVRKVKDEVSDLKYKEVYQRNKSNCTIEPDAVHIKAAKDAYKVNTNLDYKKQYEANKAHWKWTPDRPDFLQAAKSSLQQSDFEYKLDREFLKGCKLSVTDDKNTVLALRNTLIESDLKYKEKHVKERGTCHAVPDTPQILLAKTVSNLVSENKYKDHVKKHLAQGSYTTLPETRDTVHVKEVTKHVSDTNYKKKFVKEKGKSNYSIMLEPPEVKHAMEVAKKQSDVAYRKDAKENLHYTTVADRPDIKKATQAAKQASEVEYRAKHRKEGSHGLSMLGRPDIEMAKKAAKLSSQVKYRENFDKEKGKTPKYNPKDSQLYKVMKDANNLASEVKYKADLKKLHKPVTDMKESLIMNHVLNTSQLASSYQYKKKYEKSKGHYHTIPDNLEQLHLKEATELQSIVKYKEKYEKERGKPMLDFETPTYITAKESQQMQSGKEYRKDYEESIKGRNLTGLEVTPALLHVKYATKIASEKEYRKDLEESIRGKGLTEMEDTPDMLRAKNATQILNEKEYKRDLELEVKGRGLNAMANETPDFMRARNATDIASQIKYKQSAEMEKANFTSVVDTPEIIHAQQVKNLSSQKKYKEDAEKSMSYYETVLDTPEIQRVRENQKNFSLLQYQCDLKNSKGKITVVQDTPEILRVKENQKNFSSVLYKEDVSPGTAIGKTPEMMRVKQTQDHISSVKYKEAIGQGTPIPDLPEVKRVKETQKHISSVMYKENLGTGIPTTVTPEIERVKRNQENFSSVLYKENLGKGIPTPITPEMERVKRNQENFSSILYKENLSKGTPLPVTPEMERVKLNQENFSSVLYKENVGKGIPIPITPEMERVKHNQENFSSVLYKENLGTGIPIPITPEMQRVKHNQENLSSVLYKENMGKGTPLPVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENMGKGTPLPVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENMGKGTPLAVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENVGKATATPVTPEMQRVKRNQENISSVLYKENLGKATPTPFTPEMERVKRNQENFSSVLYKENMRKATPTPVTPEMERAKRNQENISSVLYSDSFRKQIQGKAAYVLDTPEMRRVRETQRHISTVKYHEDFEKHKGCFTPVVTDPITERVKKNMQDFSDINYRGIQRKVVEMEQKRNDQDQETITGLRVWRTNPGSVFDYDPAEDNIQSRSLHMINVQAQRRSREQSRSASALSISGGEEKSEHSEAPDHHLSTYSDGGVFAVSTAYKHAKTTELPQQRSSSVATQQTTVSSIPSHPSTAGKIFRAMYDYMAADADEVSFKDGDAIINVQAIDEGWMYGTVQRTGRTGMLPANYVEAI*
chr2:151562679:G/T:1	chr2	151562679	G|T	1	NEB	NM_001271208	4703	coding	19015	18823	6275	Q>K	nonsyn	None	MADDEDYEEVVEYYTEEVVYEEVPGETITKIYETTTTRTSDYEQSETSKPALAQPALAQPASAKPVERRKVIRKKVDPSKFMTPYIAHSQKMQDLFSPNKYKEKFEKTKGQPYASTTDTPELRRIKKVQDQLSEVKYRMDGDVAKTICHVDEKAKDIEHAKKVSQQVSKVLYKQNWEDTKDKYLLPPDAPELVQAVKNTAMFSKKLYTEDWEADKSLFYPYNDSPELRRVAQAQKALSDVAYKKGLAEQQAQFTPLADPPDIEFAKKVTNQVSKQKYKEDYENKIKGKWSETPCFEVANARMNADNISTRKYQEDFENMKDQIYFMQTETPEYKMNKKAGVAASKVKYKEDYEKNKGKADYNVLPASENPQLRQLKAAGDALSDKLYKENYEKTKAKSINYCETPKFKLDTVLQNFSSDKKYKDSYLKDILGHYVGSFEDPYHSHCMKVTAQNSDKNYKAEYEEDRGKGFFPQTITQEYEAIKKLDQCKDHTYKVHPDKTKFTQVTDSPVLLQAQVNSKQLSDLNYKAKHESEKFKCHIPPDTPAFIQHKVNAYNLSDNLYKQDWEKSKAKKFDIKVDAIPLLAAKANTKNTSDVMYKKDYEKNKGKMIGVLSINDDPKMLHSLKVAKNQSDRLYKENYEKTKAKSMNYCETPKYQLDTQLKNFSEARYKDLYVKDVLGHYVGSMEDPYHTHCMKVAAQNSDKSYKAEYEEDKGKCYFPQTITQEYEAIKKLDQCKDHTYKVHPDKTKFTAVTDSPVLLQAQLNTKQLSDLNYKAKHEGEKFKCHIPADAPQFIQHRVNAYNLSDNVYKQDWEKSKAKKFDIKVDAIPLLAAKANTKNTSDVMYKKDYEKSKGKMIGALSINDDPKMLHSLKTAKNQSDREYRKDYEKSKTIYTAPLDMLQVTQAKKSQAIASDVDYKHILHSYSYPPDSINVDLAKKAYALQSDVEYKADYNSWMKGCGWVPFGSLEMEKAKRASDILNEKKYRQHPDTLKFTSIEDAPITVQSKINQAQRSDIAYKAKGEEIIHKYNLPPDLPQFIQAKVNAYNISENMYKADLKDLSKKGYDLRTDAIPIRAAKAARQAASDVQYKKDYEKAKGKMVGFQSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKIQSDREYKKDYEKTKSKYNTPHDMFNVVAAKKAQDVVSNVNYKHSLHHYTYLPDAMDLELSKNMMQIQSDNVYKEDYNNWMKGIGWIPIGSLDVEKVKKAGDALNEKKYRQHPDTLKFTSIVDSPVMVQAKQNTKQVSDILYKAKGEDVKHKYTMSPDLPQFLQAKCNAYNISDVCYKRDWYDLIAKGNNVLGDAIPITAAKASRNIASDYKYKEAYEKSKGKHVGFRSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKLQSDREYKKNYENTKTSYHTPGDMVSITAAKMAQDVATNVNYKQPLHHYTYLPDAMSLEHTRNVNQIQSDNVYKDEYNSFLKGIGWIPIGSLEVEKVKKAGDALNERKYRQHPDTVKFTSVPDSMGMVLAQHNTKQLSDLNYKVEGEKLKHKYTIDPELPQFIQAKVNALNMSDAHYKADWKKTIAKGYDLRPDAIPIVAAKSSRNIASDCKYKEAYEKAKGKQVGFLSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKIQSDREYKKGYEASKTKYHTPLDMVSVTAAKKSQEVATNANYRQSYHHYTLLPDALNVEHSRNAMQIQSDNLYKSDFTNWMKGIGWVPIESLEVEKAKKAGEILSEKKYRQHPEKLKFTYAMDTMEQALNKSNKLNMDKRLYTEKWNKDKTTIHVMPDTPDILLSRVNQITMSDKLYKAGWEEEKKKGYDLRPDAIAIKAARASRDIASDYKYKKAYEQAKGKHIGFRSLEDDPKLVHFMQVAKMQSDREYKKGYEKSKTSFHTPVDMLSVVAAKKSQEVATNANYRNVIHTYNMLPDAMSFELAKNMMQIQSDNQYKADYADFMKGIGWLPLGSLEAEKNKKAMEIISEKKYRQHPDTLKYSTLMDSMNMVLAQNNAKIMNEHLYKQAWEADKTKVHIMPDIPQIILAKANAINMSDKLYKLSLEESKKKGYDLRPDAIPIKAAKASRDIASDYKYKYNYEKGKGKMVGFRSLEDDPKLVHSMQVAKMQSDREYKKNYENTKTSYHTPADMLSVTAAKDAQANITNTNYKHLIHKYILLPDAMNIELTRNMNRIQSDNEYKQDYNEWYKGLGWSPAGSLEVEKAKKATEYASDQKYRQHPSNFQFKKLTDSMDMVLAKQNAHTMNKHLYTIDWNKDKTKIHVMPDTPDILQAKQNQTLYSQKLYKLGWEEALKKGYDLPVDAISVQLAKASRDIASDYKYKQGYRKQLGHHVGFRSLQDDPKLVLSMNVAKMQSEREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQELVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVVQAKKVYELQSENLYKSDLEWLRGIGWSPLGSLEAEKNKRASEIISEKKYRQPPDRNKFTSIPDAMDIVLAKTNAKNRSDRLYREAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPDIVLAKANLINTSDKLYRMGYEELKRKGYDLPVDAIPIKAAKASREIASEYKYKEGFRKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNLYKSDLQWLKGIGWMTSGSLEDEKNKRATQILSDHVYRQHPDQFKFSSLMDSIPMVLAKNNAITMNHRLYTEAWDKDKTTVHIMPDTPEVLLAKQNKVNYSEKLYKLGLEEAKRKGYDMRVDAIPIKAAKASRDIASEFKYKEGYRKQLGHHIGARAIRDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNMYKSDLQWMRGIGWVSIGSLDVEKCKRATEILSDKIYRQPPDRFKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNAITMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPEIMLARMNKINYSESLYKLANEEAKKKGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDIISDYKYKDGYCKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHEWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNIYKSDLQWLRGIGWVPIGSMDVVKCKRATEILSDNIYRQPPDKLKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPEIMLARQNKINYSETLYKLANEEAKKKGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDVISDYKYKDGYRKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHEWTCLPDQNDVIHARQAYDLQSDNIYKSDLQWLRGIGWVPIGSMDVVKCKRAAEILSDNIYRQPPDKLKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQVHIMPDTPEIMLARQNKINYSESLYRQAMEEAKKEGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDIASDYKYKEAYRKQLGHHIGARAVHDDPKIMWSLHIAKVQSDREYKKDFEKYKTRYSSPVDMLGIVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKHPLHEWICLPDQNDIIHARKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWMKGIGWVPIDSLEVVRAKRAGELLSDTIYRQRPETLKFTSITDTPEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDNDKKTIHVMPDTPEIMLAKLNRINYSDKLYKLALEESKKEGYDLRLDAIPIQAAKASRDIASDYKYKEGYRKQLGHHIGARNIKDDPKMMWSIHVAKIQSDREYKKEFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQILVSDIDYKHPLHEWTCLPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDAIYKSDLEWLRGIGWVPIGSVEVEKVKRAGEILSDRKYRQPADQLKFTCITDTPEIVLAKNNALTMSKHLYTEAWDADKTSIHVMPDTPDILLAKSNSANISQKLYTKGWDESKMKDYDLRADAISIKSAKASRDIASDYKYKEAYEKQKGHHIGAQSIEDDPKIMCAIHAGKIQSEREYKKEFQKWKTKFSSPVDMLSILLAKKCQTLVTDIDYRNYLHEWTCMPDQNDIIQAKKAYDLQSDSVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPEGSVEMNRVKVAQDLVNERLYRTRPEALSFTSIVDTPEVVLAKANSLQISEKLYQEAWNKDKSNITIPSDTPEMLQAHINALQISNKLYQKDWNDAKQKGYDIRADAIEIKHAKASREIASEYKYKEGYRKQLGHHMGFRTLQDDPKSVWAIHAAKIQSDREYKKAYEKSKGIHNTPLDMMSIVQAKKCQVLVSDIDYRNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVIQAKKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWLKGIGWLPEGSVEVMRVKNAQNLLNERLYRIKPEALKFTSIVDTPEVIQAKINAVQISEPLYRDAWEKEKANVNVPADTPLMLQSKINALQISNKRYQQAWEDVKMTGYDLRADAIGIQHAKASRDIASDYLYKTAYEKQKGHYIGCRSAKEDPKLVWAANVLKMQNDRLYKKAYNDHKAKISIPVDMVSISAAKEGQALASDVDYRHYLHHWSCFPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDSVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPEGSVEMNRVKVAQDLVNERLYRTRPEALSFTSIVDTPEVVLAKANSLQISEKLYQEAWNKDKSNITIPSDTPEMLQAHINALQISNKLYQKDWNDTKQKGYDIRADAIEIKHAKASREIASEYKYKEGYRKQLGHHMGFRTLQDDPKSVWAIHAAKIQSDREYKKAYEKSKGIHNTPLDMMSIVQAKKCQVLVSDIDYRNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVIQAKKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWLKGIGWLPEGSVEVMRVKNAQNLLNERLYRIKPEALKFTSIVDTPEVIQAKINAVQISEPLYRNAWEKEKANVNVPADTPLMLQSKINALQISNKRYQQAWEDVKMTGYDLRADAIGIQHAKASRDIASDYLYKTAYEKQKGHYIGCRSAKEDPKLVWAANVLKMQNDRLYKKAYNDHKAKISIPVDMVSISAAKEGQALASDVDYRHYLHHWSCFPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDSVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPEGSVEMNRVKVAQDLVNERLYRTRPEALSFTSIVDTPEVVLAKANSLQISEKLYQEAWNKDKSNITIPSDTPEMLQAHINALQISNKLYQKDWNDTKQKGYDIRADAIEIKHAKASREIASEYKYKEGYRKQLGHHMGFRTLQDDPKSVWAIHAAKIQSDREYKKAYEKSKGIHNTPLDMMSIVQAKKCQVLVSDIDYRNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVIQAKKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWLKGIGWLPEGSVEVMRVKNAQNLLNERLYRIKPEALKFTSIVDTPEVIQAKINAVQISEPLYRDAWEKEKANVNVPADTPLMLQSKINALQISNKRYQQAWEDVKMTGYDLRADAIGIQHAKASRDIASDYLYKTAYEKQKGHYIGCRSAKEDPKLVWAANVLKMQNDRLYKKAYNDHKAKISIPVDMVSISAAKEGQALASDVDYRHYLHRWSCFPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDALYKADLEWLRGIGWMPQGSPEVLRVKNAQNIFCDSVYRTPVVNLKYTSIVDTPEVVLAKSNAENISIPKYREVWDKDKTSIHIMPDTPEINLARANALNVSNKLYREGWDEMKAGCDVRLDAIPIQAAKASREIASDYKYKLDHEKQKGHYVGTLTARDDNKIRWALIADKLQNEREYRLDWAKWKAKIQSPVDMLSILHSKNSQALVSDMDYRNYLHQWTCMPDQNDVIQAKKAYELQSDNVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPNDSVSVNHAKHAADIFSEKKYRTKIETLNFTPVDDRVDYVTAKQSGEILDDIKYRKDWNATKSKYTLTETPLLHTAQEAARILDQYLYKEGWERQKATGYILPPDAVPFVHAHHCNDVQSELKYKAEHVKQKGHYVGVPTMRDDPKLVWFEHAGQIQNERLYKEDYHKTKAKINIPADMVSVLAAKQGQTLVSDIDYRNYLHQWMCHPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDNVYRADLEWLRGIGWIPLDSVDHVRVTKNQEMMSQIKYKKNALENYPNFRSVVDPPEIVLAKINSVNQSDVKYKETFNKAKGKYTFSPDTPHISHSKDMGKLYSTILYKGAWEGTKAYGYTLDERYIPIVGAKHADLVNSELKYKETYEKQKGHYLAGKVIGEFPGVVHCLDFQKMRSALNYRKHYEDTKANVHIPNDMMNHVLAKRCQYILSDLEYRHYFHQWTSLLEEPNVIRVRNAQEILSDNVYKDDLNWLKGIGCYVWDTPQILHAKKSYDLQSQLQYTAAGKENLQNYNLVTDTPLYVTAVQSGINASEVKYKENYHQIKDKYTTVLETVDYDRTRNLKNLYSSNLYKEAWDRVKATSYILPSSTLSLTHAKNQKHLASHIKYREEYEKFKALYTLPRSVDDDPNTARCLRVGKLNIDRLYRSVYEKNKMKIHIVPDMVEMVTAKDSQKKVSEIDYRLRLHEWICHPDLQVNDHVRKVTDQISDIVYKDDLNWLKGIGCYVWDTPEILHAKHAYDLRDDIKYKAHMLKTRNDYKLVTDTPVYVQAVKSGKQLSDAVYHYDYVHSVRGKVAPTTKTVDLDRALHAYKLQSSNLYKTSLRTLPTGYRLPGDTPHFKHIKDTRYMSSYFKYKEAYEHTKAYGYTLGPKDVPFVHVRRVNNVTSERLYRELYHKLKDKIHTTPDTPEIRQVKKTQEAVSELIYKSDFFKMQGHMISLPYTPQVIHCRYVGDITSDIKYKEDLQVLKGFGCFLYDTPDMVRSRHLRKLWSNYLYTDKARKMRDKYKVVLDTPEYRKVQELKTHLSELVYRAAGKKQKSIFTSVPDTPDLLRAKRGQKLQSQYLYVELATKERPHHHAGNQTTALKHAKDVKDMVSEKKYKIQYEKMKDKYTPVPDTPILIRAKRAYWNASDLRYKETFQKTKGKYHTVKDALDIVYHRKVTDDISKIKYKENYMSQLGIWRSIPDRPEHFHHRAVTDTVSDVKYKEDLTWLKGIGCYAYDTPDFTLAEKNKTLYSKYKYKEVFERTKSDFKYVADSPINRHFKYATQLMNEKKYRADYEQRKDKYHLVVDEPRHLLAKTAGDQISQRKYKSSAKMFLQHGCNEILRPDMLTALYNSHMWSQIKYRKNYEKSKDKFTSIVDTPEHLRTTKVNKQISDILYKLEYNKAKPRGYTTIHDTPMLLHVRKVKDEVSDLKYKEVYQRNKSNCTIEPDAVHIKAAKDAYKVNTNLDYKKQYEANKAHWKWTPDRPDFLQAAKSSLQQSDFEYKLDREFLKGCKLSVTDDKNTVLALRNTLIESDLKYKEKHVKERGTCHAVPDTPQILLAKTVSNLVSENKYKDHVKKHLAQGSYTTLPETRDTVHVKEVTKHVSDTNYKKKFVKEKGKSNYSIMLEPPEVKHAMEVAKKQSDVAYRKDAKENLHYTTVADRPDIKKATQAAKQASEVEYRAKHRKEGSHGLSMLGRPDIEMAKKAAKLSSQVKYRENFDKEKGKTPKYNPKDSQLYKVMKDANNLASEVKYKADLKKLHKPVTDMKESLIMNHVLNTSQLASSYQYKKKYEKSKGHYHTIPDNLEQLHLKEATELQSIVKYKEKYEKERGKPMLDFETPTYITAKESQQMQSGKEYRKDYEESIKGRNLTGLEVTPALLHVKYATKIASEKEYRKDLEESIRGKGLTEMEDTPDMLRAKNATQILNEKEYKRDLELEVKGRGLNAMANETPDFMRARNATDIASQIKYKQSAEMEKANFTSVVDTPEIIHAQQVKNLSSQKKYKEDAEKSMSYYETVLDTPEIQRVRENQKNFSLLQYQCDLKNSKGKITVVQDTPEILRVKENQKNFSSVLYKEDVSPGTAIGKTPEMMRVKQTQDHISSVKYKEAIGQGTPIPDLPEVKRVKETQKHISSVMYKENLGTGIPTTVTPEIERVKRNQENFSSVLYKENLGKGIPTPITPEMERVKRNQENFSSILYKENLSKGTPLPVTPEMERVKLNQENFSSVLYKENVGKGIPIPITPEMERVKHNQENFSSVLYKENLGTGIPIPITPEMQRVKHNQENLSSVLYKENMGKGTPLPVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENMGKGTPLPVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENMGKGTPLAVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENVGKATATPVTPEMQRVKRNQENISSVLYKENLGKATPTPFTPEMERVKRNQENFSSVLYKENMRKATPTPVTPEMERAKRNQENISSVLYSDSFRKQIQGKAAYVLDTPEMRRVRETQRHISTVKYHEDFEKHKGCFTPVVTDPITERVKKNMQDFSDINYRGIQRKVVEMEQKRNDQDQETITGLRVWRTNPGSVFDYDPAEDNIQSRSLHMINVQAQRRSREQSRSASALSISGGEEKSEHSEAPDHHLSTYSDGGVFAVSTAYKHAKTTELPQQRSSSVATQQTTVSSIPSHPSTAGKIFRAMYDYMAADADEVSFKDGDAIINVQAIDEGWMYGTVQRTGRTGMLPANYVEAI*|MADDEDYEEVVEYYTEEVVYEEVPGETITKIYETTTTRTSDYEQSETSKPALAQPALAQPASAKPVERRKVIRKKVDPSKFMTPYIAHSQKMQDLFSPNKYKEKFEKTKGQPYASTTDTPELRRIKKVQDQLSEVKYRMDGDVAKTICHVDEKAKDIEHAKKVSQQVSKVLYKQNWEDTKDKYLLPPDAPELVQAVKNTAMFSKKLYTEDWEADKSLFYPYNDSPELRRVAQAQKALSDVAYKKGLAEQQAQFTPLADPPDIEFAKKVTNQVSKQKYKEDYENKIKGKWSETPCFEVANARMNADNISTRKYQEDFENMKDQIYFMQTETPEYKMNKKAGVAASKVKYKEDYEKNKGKADYNVLPASENPQLRQLKAAGDALSDKLYKENYEKTKAKSINYCETPKFKLDTVLQNFSSDKKYKDSYLKDILGHYVGSFEDPYHSHCMKVTAQNSDKNYKAEYEEDRGKGFFPQTITQEYEAIKKLDQCKDHTYKVHPDKTKFTQVTDSPVLLQAQVNSKQLSDLNYKAKHESEKFKCHIPPDTPAFIQHKVNAYNLSDNLYKQDWEKSKAKKFDIKVDAIPLLAAKANTKNTSDVMYKKDYEKNKGKMIGVLSINDDPKMLHSLKVAKNQSDRLYKENYEKTKAKSMNYCETPKYQLDTQLKNFSEARYKDLYVKDVLGHYVGSMEDPYHTHCMKVAAQNSDKSYKAEYEEDKGKCYFPQTITQEYEAIKKLDQCKDHTYKVHPDKTKFTAVTDSPVLLQAQLNTKQLSDLNYKAKHEGEKFKCHIPADAPQFIQHRVNAYNLSDNVYKQDWEKSKAKKFDIKVDAIPLLAAKANTKNTSDVMYKKDYEKSKGKMIGALSINDDPKMLHSLKTAKNQSDREYRKDYEKSKTIYTAPLDMLQVTQAKKSQAIASDVDYKHILHSYSYPPDSINVDLAKKAYALQSDVEYKADYNSWMKGCGWVPFGSLEMEKAKRASDILNEKKYRQHPDTLKFTSIEDAPITVQSKINQAQRSDIAYKAKGEEIIHKYNLPPDLPQFIQAKVNAYNISENMYKADLKDLSKKGYDLRTDAIPIRAAKAARQAASDVQYKKDYEKAKGKMVGFQSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKIQSDREYKKDYEKTKSKYNTPHDMFNVVAAKKAQDVVSNVNYKHSLHHYTYLPDAMDLELSKNMMQIQSDNVYKEDYNNWMKGIGWIPIGSLDVEKVKKAGDALNEKKYRQHPDTLKFTSIVDSPVMVQAKQNTKQVSDILYKAKGEDVKHKYTMSPDLPQFLQAKCNAYNISDVCYKRDWYDLIAKGNNVLGDAIPITAAKASRNIASDYKYKEAYEKSKGKHVGFRSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKLQSDREYKKNYENTKTSYHTPGDMVSITAAKMAQDVATNVNYKQPLHHYTYLPDAMSLEHTRNVNQIQSDNVYKDEYNSFLKGIGWIPIGSLEVEKVKKAGDALNERKYRQHPDTVKFTSVPDSMGMVLAQHNTKQLSDLNYKVEGEKLKHKYTIDPELPQFIQAKVNALNMSDAHYKADWKKTIAKGYDLRPDAIPIVAAKSSRNIASDCKYKEAYEKAKGKQVGFLSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKIQSDREYKKGYEASKTKYHTPLDMVSVTAAKKSQEVATNANYRQSYHHYTLLPDALNVEHSRNAMQIQSDNLYKSDFTNWMKGIGWVPIESLEVEKAKKAGEILSEKKYRQHPEKLKFTYAMDTMEQALNKSNKLNMDKRLYTEKWNKDKTTIHVMPDTPDILLSRVNQITMSDKLYKAGWEEEKKKGYDLRPDAIAIKAARASRDIASDYKYKKAYEQAKGKHIGFRSLEDDPKLVHFMQVAKMQSDREYKKGYEKSKTSFHTPVDMLSVVAAKKSQEVATNANYRNVIHTYNMLPDAMSFELAKNMMQIQSDNQYKADYADFMKGIGWLPLGSLEAEKNKKAMEIISEKKYRQHPDTLKYSTLMDSMNMVLAQNNAKIMNEHLYKQAWEADKTKVHIMPDIPQIILAKANAINMSDKLYKLSLEESKKKGYDLRPDAIPIKAAKASRDIASDYKYKYNYEKGKGKMVGFRSLEDDPKLVHSMQVAKMQSDREYKKNYENTKTSYHTPADMLSVTAAKDAQANITNTNYKHLIHKYILLPDAMNIELTRNMNRIQSDNEYKQDYNEWYKGLGWSPAGSLEVEKAKKATEYASDQKYRQHPSNFQFKKLTDSMDMVLAKQNAHTMNKHLYTIDWNKDKTKIHVMPDTPDILQAKQNQTLYSQKLYKLGWEEALKKGYDLPVDAISVQLAKASRDIASDYKYKQGYRKQLGHHVGFRSLQDDPKLVLSMNVAKMQSEREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQELVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVVQAKKVYELQSENLYKSDLEWLRGIGWSPLGSLEAEKNKRASEIISEKKYRQPPDRNKFTSIPDAMDIVLAKTNAKNRSDRLYREAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPDIVLAKANLINTSDKLYRMGYEELKRKGYDLPVDAIPIKAAKASREIASEYKYKEGFRKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNLYKSDLQWLKGIGWMTSGSLEDEKNKRATQILSDHVYRQHPDQFKFSSLMDSIPMVLAKNNAITMNHRLYTEAWDKDKTTVHIMPDTPEVLLAKQNKVNYSEKLYKLGLEEAKRKGYDMRVDAIPIKAAKASRDIASEFKYKEGYRKQLGHHIGARAIRDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNMYKSDLQWMRGIGWVSIGSLDVEKCKRATEILSDKIYRQPPDRFKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNAITMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPEIMLARMNKINYSESLYKLANEEAKKKGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDIISDYKYKDGYCKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHEWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNIYKSDLQWLRGIGWVPIGSMDVVKCKRATEILSDNIYRQPPDKLKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPEIMLARQNKINYSETLYKLANEEAKKKGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDVISDYKYKDGYRKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHEWTCLPDQNDVIHARQAYDLQSDNIYKSDLQWLRGIGWVPIGSMDVVKCKRAAEILSDNIYRQPPDKLKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQVHIMPDTPEIMLARQNKINYSESLYRQAMEEAKKEGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDIASDYKYKEAYRKQLGHHIGARAVHDDPKIMWSLHIAKVQSDREYKKDFEKYKTRYSSPVDMLGIVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKHPLHEWICLPDQNDIIHARKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWMKGIGWVPIDSLEVVRAKRAGELLSDTIYRQRPETLKFTSITDTPEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDNDKKTIHVMPDTPEIMLAKLNRINYSDKLYKLALEESKKEGYDLRLDAIPIQAAKASRDIASDYKYKEGYRKQLGHHIGARNIKDDPKMMWSIHVAKIQSDREYKKEFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQILVSDIDYKHPLHEWTCLPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDAIYKSDLEWLRGIGWVPIGSVEVEKVKRAGEILSDRKYRQPADQLKFTCITDTPEIVLAKNNALTMSKHLYTEAWDADKTSIHVMPDTPDILLAKSNSANISQKLYTKGWDESKMKDYDLRADAISIKSAKASRDIASDYKYKEAYEKQKGHHIGAQSIEDDPKIMCAIHAGKIQSEREYKKEFQKWKTKFSSPVDMLSILLAKKCQTLVTDIDYRNYLHEWTCMPDQNDIIQAKKAYDLQSDSVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPEGSVEMNRVKVAQDLVNERLYRTRPEALSFTSIVDTPEVVLAKANSLQISEKLYQEAWNKDKSNITIPSDTPEMLQAHINALQISNKLYQKDWNDAKQKGYDIRADAIEIKHAKASREIASEYKYKEGYRKQLGHHMGFRTLQDDPKSVWAIHAAKIQSDREYKKAYEKSKGIHNTPLDMMSIVQAKKCQVLVSDIDYRNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVIQAKKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWLKGIGWLPEGSVEVMRVKNAQNLLNERLYRIKPEALKFTSIVDTPEVIQAKINAVQISEPLYRDAWEKEKANVNVPADTPLMLQSKINALQISNKRYQQAWEDVKMTGYDLRADAIGIQHAKASRDIASDYLYKTAYEKQKGHYIGCRSAKEDPKLVWAANVLKMQNDRLYKKAYNDHKAKISIPVDMVSISAAKEGQALASDVDYRHYLHHWSCFPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDSVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPEGSVEMNRVKVAQDLVNERLYRTRPEALSFTSIVDTPEVVLAKANSLQISEKLYQEAWNKDKSNITIPSDTPEMLQAHINALQISNKLYQKDWNDTKQKGYDIRADAIEIKHAKASREIASEYKYKEGYRKQLGHHMGFRTLQDDPKSVWAIHAAKIQSDREYKKAYEKSKGIHNTPLDMMSIVQAKKCQVLVSDIDYRNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVIQAKKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWLKGIGWLPEGSVEVMRVKNAQNLLNERLYRIKPEALKFTSIVDTPEVIQAKINAVQISEPLYRNAWEKEKANVNVPADTPLMLQSKINALQISNKRYQQAWEDVKMTGYDLRADAIGIQHAKASRDIASDYLYKTAYEKQKGHYIGCRSAKEDPKLVWAANVLKMQNDRLYKKAYNDHKAKISIPVDMVSISAAKEGQALASDVDYRHYLHHWSCFPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDSVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPEGSVEMNRVKVAQDLVNERLYRTRPEALSFTSIVDTPEVVLAKANSLQISEKLYQEAWNKDKSNITIPSDTPEMLQAHINALQISNKLYQKDWNDTKQKGYDIRADAIEIKHAKASREIASEYKYKEGYRKQLGHHMGFRTLQDDPKSVWAIHAAKIQSDREYKKAYEKSKGIHNTPLDMMSIVQAKKCQVLVSDIDYRNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVIQAKKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWLKGIGWLPEGSVEVMRVKNAQNLLNERLYRIKPEALKFTSIVDTPEVIQAKINAVQISEPLYRDAWEKEKANVNVPADTPLMLQSKINALQISNKRYQQAWEDVKMTGYDLRADAIGIQHAKASRDIASDYLYKTAYEKQKGHYIGCRSAKEDPKLVWAANVLKMQNDRLYKKAYNDHKAKISIPVDMVSISAAKEGQALASDVDYRHYLHRWSCFPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDALYKADLEWLRGIGWMPQGSPEVLRVKNAQNIFCDSVYRTPVVNLKYTSIVDTPEVVLAKSNAENISIPKYREVWDKDKTSIHIMPDTPEINLARANALNVSNKLYREGWDEMKAGCDVRLDAIPIQAAKASREIASDYKYKLDHEKQKGHYVGTLTARDDNKIRWALIADKLQNEREYRLDWAKWKAKIQSPVDMLSILHSKNSQALVSDMDYRNYLHQWTCMPDQNDVIQAKKAYELQSDNVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPNDSVSVNHAKHAADIFSEKKYRTKIETLNFTPVDDRVDYVTAKQSGEILDDIKYRKDWNATKSKYTLTETPLLHTAQEAARILDQYLYKEGWERQKATGYILPPDAVPFVHAHHCNDVQSELKYKAEHVKQKGHYVGVPTMRDDPKLVWFEHAGQIQNERLYKEDYHKTKAKINIPADMVSVLAAKQGQTLVSDIDYRNYLHQWMCHPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDNVYRADLEWLRGIGWIPLDSVDHVRVTKNQEMMSQIKYKKNALENYPNFRSVVDPPEIVLAKINSVNQSDVKYKETFNKAKGKYTFSPDTPHISHSKDMGKLYSTILYKGAWEGTKAYGYTLDERYIPIVGAKHADLVNSELKYKETYEKQKGHYLAGKVIGEFPGVVHCLDFQKMRSALNYRKHYEDTKANVHIPNDMMNHVLAKRCQYILSDLEYRHYFHKWTSLLEEPNVIRVRNAQEILSDNVYKDDLNWLKGIGCYVWDTPQILHAKKSYDLQSQLQYTAAGKENLQNYNLVTDTPLYVTAVQSGINASEVKYKENYHQIKDKYTTVLETVDYDRTRNLKNLYSSNLYKEAWDRVKATSYILPSSTLSLTHAKNQKHLASHIKYREEYEKFKALYTLPRSVDDDPNTARCLRVGKLNIDRLYRSVYEKNKMKIHIVPDMVEMVTAKDSQKKVSEIDYRLRLHEWICHPDLQVNDHVRKVTDQISDIVYKDDLNWLKGIGCYVWDTPEILHAKHAYDLRDDIKYKAHMLKTRNDYKLVTDTPVYVQAVKSGKQLSDAVYHYDYVHSVRGKVAPTTKTVDLDRALHAYKLQSSNLYKTSLRTLPTGYRLPGDTPHFKHIKDTRYMSSYFKYKEAYEHTKAYGYTLGPKDVPFVHVRRVNNVTSERLYRELYHKLKDKIHTTPDTPEIRQVKKTQEAVSELIYKSDFFKMQGHMISLPYTPQVIHCRYVGDITSDIKYKEDLQVLKGFGCFLYDTPDMVRSRHLRKLWSNYLYTDKARKMRDKYKVVLDTPEYRKVQELKTHLSELVYRAAGKKQKSIFTSVPDTPDLLRAKRGQKLQSQYLYVELATKERPHHHAGNQTTALKHAKDVKDMVSEKKYKIQYEKMKDKYTPVPDTPILIRAKRAYWNASDLRYKETFQKTKGKYHTVKDALDIVYHRKVTDDISKIKYKENYMSQLGIWRSIPDRPEHFHHRAVTDTVSDVKYKEDLTWLKGIGCYAYDTPDFTLAEKNKTLYSKYKYKEVFERTKSDFKYVADSPINRHFKYATQLMNEKKYRADYEQRKDKYHLVVDEPRHLLAKTAGDQISQRKYKSSAKMFLQHGCNEILRPDMLTALYNSHMWSQIKYRKNYEKSKDKFTSIVDTPEHLRTTKVNKQISDILYKLEYNKAKPRGYTTIHDTPMLLHVRKVKDEVSDLKYKEVYQRNKSNCTIEPDAVHIKAAKDAYKVNTNLDYKKQYEANKAHWKWTPDRPDFLQAAKSSLQQSDFEYKLDREFLKGCKLSVTDDKNTVLALRNTLIESDLKYKEKHVKERGTCHAVPDTPQILLAKTVSNLVSENKYKDHVKKHLAQGSYTTLPETRDTVHVKEVTKHVSDTNYKKKFVKEKGKSNYSIMLEPPEVKHAMEVAKKQSDVAYRKDAKENLHYTTVADRPDIKKATQAAKQASEVEYRAKHRKEGSHGLSMLGRPDIEMAKKAAKLSSQVKYRENFDKEKGKTPKYNPKDSQLYKVMKDANNLASEVKYKADLKKLHKPVTDMKESLIMNHVLNTSQLASSYQYKKKYEKSKGHYHTIPDNLEQLHLKEATELQSIVKYKEKYEKERGKPMLDFETPTYITAKESQQMQSGKEYRKDYEESIKGRNLTGLEVTPALLHVKYATKIASEKEYRKDLEESIRGKGLTEMEDTPDMLRAKNATQILNEKEYKRDLELEVKGRGLNAMANETPDFMRARNATDIASQIKYKQSAEMEKANFTSVVDTPEIIHAQQVKNLSSQKKYKEDAEKSMSYYETVLDTPEIQRVRENQKNFSLLQYQCDLKNSKGKITVVQDTPEILRVKENQKNFSSVLYKEDVSPGTAIGKTPEMMRVKQTQDHISSVKYKEAIGQGTPIPDLPEVKRVKETQKHISSVMYKENLGTGIPTTVTPEIERVKRNQENFSSVLYKENLGKGIPTPITPEMERVKRNQENFSSILYKENLSKGTPLPVTPEMERVKLNQENFSSVLYKENVGKGIPIPITPEMERVKHNQENFSSVLYKENLGTGIPIPITPEMQRVKHNQENLSSVLYKENMGKGTPLPVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENMGKGTPLPVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENMGKGTPLAVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENVGKATATPVTPEMQRVKRNQENISSVLYKENLGKATPTPFTPEMERVKRNQENFSSVLYKENMRKATPTPVTPEMERAKRNQENISSVLYSDSFRKQIQGKAAYVLDTPEMRRVRETQRHISTVKYHEDFEKHKGCFTPVVTDPITERVKKNMQDFSDINYRGIQRKVVEMEQKRNDQDQETITGLRVWRTNPGSVFDYDPAEDNIQSRSLHMINVQAQRRSREQSRSASALSISGGEEKSEHSEAPDHHLSTYSDGGVFAVSTAYKHAKTTELPQQRSSSVATQQTTVSSIPSHPSTAGKIFRAMYDYMAADADEVSFKDGDAIINVQAIDEGWMYGTVQRTGRTGMLPANYVEAI*
chr2:151562679:G/T:1	chr2	151562679	G|T	1	NEB	NM_004543	4703	coding	13887	13684	4562	Q>K	nonsyn	None	MADDEDYEEVVEYYTEEVVYEEVPGETITKIYETTTTRTSDYEQSETSKPALAQPALAQPASAKPVERRKVIRKKVDPSKFMTPYIAHSQKMQDLFSPNKYKEKFEKTKGQPYASTTDTPELRRIKKVQDQLSEVKYRMDGDVAKTICHVDEKAKDIEHAKKVSQQVSKVLYKQNWEDTKDKYLLPPDAPELVQAVKNTAMFSKKLYTEDWEADKSLFYPYNDSPELRRVAQAQKALSDVAYKKGLAEQQAQFTPLADPPDIEFAKKVTNQVSKQKYKEDYENKIKGKWSETPCFEVANARMNADNISTRKYQEDFENMKDQIYFMQTETPEYKMNKKAGVAASKVKYKEDYEKNKGKADYNVLPASENPQLRQLKAAGDALSDKLYKENYEKTKAKSINYCETPKFKLDTVLQNFSSDKKYKDSYLKDILGHYVGSFEDPYHSHCMKVTAQNSDKNYKAEYEEDRGKGFFPQTITQEYEAIKKLDQCKDHTYKVHPDKTKFTQVTDSPVLLQAQVNSKQLSDLNYKAKHESEKFKCHIPPDTPAFIQHKVNAYNLSDNLYKQDWEKSKAKKFDIKVDAIPLLAAKANTKNTSDVMYKKDYEKNKGKMIGVLSINDDPKMLHSLKVAKNQSDRLYKENYEKTKAKSMNYCETPKYQLDTQLKNFSEARYKDLYVKDVLGHYVGSMEDPYHTHCMKVAAQNSDKSYKAEYEEDKGKCYFPQTITQEYEAIKKLDQCKDHTYKVHPDKTKFTAVTDSPVLLQAQLNTKQLSDLNYKAKHEGEKFKCHIPADAPQFIQHRVNAYNLSDNVYKQDWEKSKAKKFDIKVDAIPLLAAKANTKNTSDVMYKKDYEKSKGKMIGALSINDDPKMLHSLKTAKNQSDREYRKDYEKSKTIYTAPLDMLQVTQAKKSQAIASDVDYKHILHSYSYPPDSINVDLAKKAYALQSDVEYKADYNSWMKGCGWVPFGSLEMEKAKRASDILNEKKYRQHPDTLKFTSIEDAPITVQSKINQAQRSDIAYKAKGEEIIHKYNLPPDLPQFIQAKVNAYNISENMYKADLKDLSKKGYDLRTDAIPIRAAKAARQAASDVQYKKDYEKAKGKMVGFQSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKIQSDREYKKDYEKTKSKYNTPHDMFNVVAAKKAQDVVSNVNYKHSLHHYTYLPDAMDLELSKNMMQIQSDNVYKEDYNNWMKGIGWIPIGSLDVEKVKKAGDALNEKKYRQHPDTLKFTSIVDSPVMVQAKQNTKQVSDILYKAKGEDVKHKYTMSPDLPQFLQAKCNAYNISDVCYKRDWYDLIAKGNNVLGDAIPITAAKASRNIASDYKYKEAYEKSKGKHVGFRSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKLQSDREYKKNYENTKTSYHTPGDMVSITAAKMAQDVATNVNYKQPLHHYTYLPDAMSLEHTRNVNQIQSDNVYKDEYNSFLKGIGWIPIGSLEVEKVKKAGDALNERKYRQHPDTVKFTSVPDSMGMVLAQHNTKQLSDLNYKVEGEKLKHKYTIDPELPQFIQAKVNALNMSDAHYKADWKKTIAKGYDLRPDAIPIVAAKSSRNIASDCKYKEAYEKAKGKQVGFLSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKIQSDREYKKGYEASKTKYHTPLDMVSVTAAKKSQEVATNANYRQSYHHYTLLPDALNVEHSRNAMQIQSDNLYKSDFTNWMKGIGWVPIESLEVEKAKKAGEILSEKKYRQHPEKLKFTYAMDTMEQALNKSNKLNMDKRLYTEKWNKDKTTIHVMPDTPDILLSRVNQITMSDKLYKAGWEEEKKKGYDLRPDAIAIKAARASRDIASDYKYKKAYEQAKGKHIGFRSLEDDPKLVHFMQVAKMQSDREYKKGYEKSKTSFHTPVDMLSVVAAKKSQEVATNANYRNVIHTYNMLPDAMSFELAKNMMQIQSDNQYKADYADFMKGIGWLPLGSLEAEKNKKAMEIISEKKYRQHPDTLKYSTLMDSMNMVLAQNNAKIMNEHLYKQAWEADKTKVHIMPDIPQIILAKANAINMSDKLYKLSLEESKKKGYDLRPDAIPIKAAKASRDIASDYKYKYNYEKGKGKMVGFRSLEDDPKLVHSMQVAKMQSDREYKKNYENTKTSYHTPADMLSVTAAKDAQANITNTNYKHLIHKYILLPDAMNIELTRNMNRIQSDNEYKQDYNEWYKGLGWSPAGSLEVEKAKKATEYASDQKYRQHPSNFQFKKLTDSMDMVLAKQNAHTMNKHLYTIDWNKDKTKIHVMPDTPDILQAKQNQTLYSQKLYKLGWEEALKKGYDLPVDAISVQLAKASRDIASDYKYKQGYRKQLGHHVGFRSLQDDPKLVLSMNVAKMQSEREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQELVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVVQAKKVYELQSENLYKSDLEWLRGIGWSPLGSLEAEKNKRASEIISEKKYRQPPDRNKFTSIPDAMDIVLAKTNAKNRSDRLYREAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPDIVLAKANLINTSDKLYRMGYEELKRKGYDLPVDAIPIKAAKASREIASEYKYKEGFRKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNLYKSDLQWLKGIGWMTSGSLEDEKNKRATQILSDHVYRQHPDQFKFSSLMDSIPMVLAKNNAITMNHRLYTEAWDKDKTTVHIMPDTPEVLLAKQNKVNYSEKLYKLGLEEAKRKGYDMRVDAIPIKAAKASRDIASEFKYKEGYRKQLGHHIGARAIRDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNMYKSDLQWMRGIGWVSIGSLDVEKCKRATEILSDKIYRQPPDRFKFTSVTDSLEQRLYTEAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPEIMLARQNKINYSETLYKLANEEAKKKGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDVISDYKYKDGYRKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHEWTCLPDQNDVIHARQAYDLQSDNIYKSDLQWLRGIGWVPIGSMDVVKCKRAAEILSDNIYRQPPDKLKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQVHIMPDTPEIMLARQNKINYSESLYRQAMEEAKKEGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDIASDYKYKEAYRKQLGHHIGARAVHDDPKIMWSLHIAKVQSDREYKKDFEKYKTRYSSPVDMLGIVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKHPLHEWICLPDQNDIIHARKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWMKGIGWVPIDSLEVVRAKRAGELLSDTIYRQRPETLKFTSITDTPEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDNDKKTIHVMPDTPEIMLAKLNRINYSDKLYKLALEESKKEGYDLRLDAIPIQAAKASRDIASDYKYKEGYRKQLGHHIGARNIKDDPKMMWSIHVAKIQSDREYKKEFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQILVSDIDYKHPLHEWTCLPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDAIYKSDLEWLRGIGWVPIGSVEVEKVKRAGEILSDRKYRQPADQLKFTCITDTPEIVLAKNNALTMSKHLYTEAWDADKTSIHVMPDTPDILLAKSNSANISQKLYTKGWDESKMKDYDLRADAISIKSAKASRDIASDYKYKEAYEKQKGHHIGAQSIEDDPKIMCAIHAGKIQSEREYKKEFQKWKTKFSSPVDMLSILLAKKCQTLVTDIDYRNYLHEWTCMPDQNDIIQAKKAYDLQSDALYKADLEWLRGIGWMPQGSPEVLRVKNAQNIFCDSVYRTPVVNLKYTSIVDTPEVVLAKSNAENISIPKYREVWDKDKTSIHIMPDTPEINLARANALNVSNKLYREGWDEMKAGCDVRLDAIPIQAAKASREIASDYKYKLDHEKQKGHYVGTLTARDDNKIRWALIADKLQNEREYRLDWAKWKAKIQSPVDMLSILHSKNSQALVSDMDYRNYLHQWTCMPDQNDVIQAKKAYELQSDNVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPNDSVSVNHAKHAADIFSEKKYRTKIETLNFTPVDDRVDYVTAKQSGEILDDIKYRKDWNATKSKYTLTETPLLHTAQEAARILDQYLYKEGWERQKATGYILPPDAVPFVHAHHCNDVQSELKYKAEHVKQKGHYVGVPTMRDDPKLVWFEHAGQIQNERLYKEDYHKTKAKINIPADMVSVLAAKQGQTLVSDIDYRNYLHQWMCHPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDNVYRADLEWLRGIGWIPLDSVDHVRVTKNQEMMSQIKYKKNALENYPNFRSVVDPPEIVLAKINSVNQSDVKYKETFNKAKGKYTFSPDTPHISHSKDMGKLYSTILYKGAWEGTKAYGYTLDERYIPIVGAKHADLVNSELKYKETYEKQKGHYLAGKVIGEFPGVVHCLDFQKMRSALNYRKHYEDTKANVHIPNDMMNHVLAKRCQYILSDLEYRHYFHQWTSLLEEPNVIRVRNAQEILSDNVYKDDLNWLKGIGCYVWDTPQILHAKKSYDLQSQLQYTAAGKENLQNYNLVTDTPLYVTAVQSGINASEVKYKENYHQIKDKYTTVLETVDYDRTRNLKNLYSSNLYKEAWDRVKATSYILPSSTLSLTHAKNQKHLASHIKYREEYEKFKALYTLPRSVDDDPNTARCLRVGKLNIDRLYRSVYEKNKMKIHIVPDMVEMVTAKDSQKKVSEIDYRLRLHEWICHPDLQVNDHVRKVTDQISDIVYKDDLNWLKGIGCYVWDTPEILHAKHAYDLRDDIKYKAHMLKTRNDYKLVTDTPVYVQAVKSGKQLSDAVYHYDYVHSVRGKVAPTTKTVDLDRALHAYKLQSSNLYKTSLRTLPTGYRLPGDTPHFKHIKDTRYMSSYFKYKEAYEHTKAYGYTLGPKDVPFVHVRRVNNVTSERLYRELYHKLKDKIHTTPDTPEIRQVKKTQEAVSELIYKSDFFKMQGHMISLPYTPQVIHCRYVGDITSDIKYKEDLQVLKGFGCFLYDTPDMVRSRHLRKLWSNYLYTDKARKMRDKYKVVLDTPEYRKVQELKTHLSELVYRAAGKKQKSIFTSVPDTPDLLRAKRGQKLQSQYLYVELATKERPHHHAGNQTTALKHAKDVKDMVSEKKYKIQYEKMKDKYTPVPDTPILIRAKRAYWNASDLRYKETFQKTKGKYHTVKDALDIVYHRKVTDDISKIKYKENYMSQLGIWRSIPDRPEHFHHRAVTDTVSDVKYKEDLTWLKGIGCYAYDTPDFTLAEKNKTLYSKYKYKEVFERTKSDFKYVADSPINRHFKYATQLMNEKKYRADYEQRKDKYHLVVDEPRHLLAKTAGDQISQIKYRKNYEKSKDKFTSIVDTPEHLRTTKVNKQISDILYKLEYNKAKPRGYTTIHDTPMLLHVRKVKDEVSDLKYKEVYQRNKSNCTIEPDAVHIKAAKDAYKVNTNLDYKKQYEANKAHWKWTPDRPDFLQAAKSSLQQSDFEYKLDREFLKGCKLSVTDDKNTVLALRNTLIESDLKYKEKHVKERGTCHAVPDTPQILLAKTVSNLVSENKYKDHVKKHLAQGSYTTLPETRDTVHVKEVTKHVSDTNYKKKFVKEKGKSNYSIMLEPPEVKHAMEVAKKQSDVAYRKDAKENLHYTTVADRPDIKKATQAAKQASEVEYRAKHRKEGSHGLSMLGRPDIEMAKKAAKLSSQVKYRENFDKEKGKTPKYNPKDSQLYKVMKDANNLASEVKYKADLKKLHKPVTDMKESLIMNHVLNTSQLASSYQYKKKYEKSKGHYHTIPDNLEQLHLKEATELQSIVKYKEKYEKERGKPMLDFETPTYITAKESQQMQSGKEYRKDYEESIKGRNLTGLEVTPALLHVKYATKIASEKEYRKDLEESIRGKGLTEMEDTPDMLRAKNATQILNEKEYKRDLELEVKGRGLNAMANETPDFMRARNATDIASQIKYKQSAEMEKANFTSVVDTPEIIHAQQVKNLSSQKKYKEDAEKSMSYYETVLDTPEIQRVRENQKNFSLLQYQCDLKNSKGKITVVQDTPEILRVKENQKNFSSVLYKEDVSPGTAIGKTPEMMRVKQTQDHISSVKYKEAIGQGTPIPDLPEVKRVKETQKHISSVMYKENLGTGIPTTVTPEIERVKRNQENFSSVLYKENLGKGIPTPITPEMERVKRNQENFSSVLYKENMGKGTPLAVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENVGKATATPVTPEMQRVKRNQENISSVLYKENLGKATPTPFTPEMERVKRNQENFSSVLYKENMRKATPTPVTPEMERAKRNQENISSVLYSDSFRKQIQGKAAYVLDTPEMRRVRETQRHISTVKYHEDFEKHKGCFTPVVTDPITERVKKNMQDFSDINYRGIQRKVVEMEQKRNDQDQETITGLRVWRTNPGSVFDYDPAEDNIQSRSLHMINVQAQRRSREQSRSASALSISGGEEKSEHSEAPDHHLSTYSDGGVFAVSTAYKHAKTTELPQQRSSSVATQQTTVSSIPSHPSTAGKIFRAMYDYMAADADEVSFKDGDAIINVQAIDEGWMYGTVQRTGRTGMLPANYVEAI*|MADDEDYEEVVEYYTEEVVYEEVPGETITKIYETTTTRTSDYEQSETSKPALAQPALAQPASAKPVERRKVIRKKVDPSKFMTPYIAHSQKMQDLFSPNKYKEKFEKTKGQPYASTTDTPELRRIKKVQDQLSEVKYRMDGDVAKTICHVDEKAKDIEHAKKVSQQVSKVLYKQNWEDTKDKYLLPPDAPELVQAVKNTAMFSKKLYTEDWEADKSLFYPYNDSPELRRVAQAQKALSDVAYKKGLAEQQAQFTPLADPPDIEFAKKVTNQVSKQKYKEDYENKIKGKWSETPCFEVANARMNADNISTRKYQEDFENMKDQIYFMQTETPEYKMNKKAGVAASKVKYKEDYEKNKGKADYNVLPASENPQLRQLKAAGDALSDKLYKENYEKTKAKSINYCETPKFKLDTVLQNFSSDKKYKDSYLKDILGHYVGSFEDPYHSHCMKVTAQNSDKNYKAEYEEDRGKGFFPQTITQEYEAIKKLDQCKDHTYKVHPDKTKFTQVTDSPVLLQAQVNSKQLSDLNYKAKHESEKFKCHIPPDTPAFIQHKVNAYNLSDNLYKQDWEKSKAKKFDIKVDAIPLLAAKANTKNTSDVMYKKDYEKNKGKMIGVLSINDDPKMLHSLKVAKNQSDRLYKENYEKTKAKSMNYCETPKYQLDTQLKNFSEARYKDLYVKDVLGHYVGSMEDPYHTHCMKVAAQNSDKSYKAEYEEDKGKCYFPQTITQEYEAIKKLDQCKDHTYKVHPDKTKFTAVTDSPVLLQAQLNTKQLSDLNYKAKHEGEKFKCHIPADAPQFIQHRVNAYNLSDNVYKQDWEKSKAKKFDIKVDAIPLLAAKANTKNTSDVMYKKDYEKSKGKMIGALSINDDPKMLHSLKTAKNQSDREYRKDYEKSKTIYTAPLDMLQVTQAKKSQAIASDVDYKHILHSYSYPPDSINVDLAKKAYALQSDVEYKADYNSWMKGCGWVPFGSLEMEKAKRASDILNEKKYRQHPDTLKFTSIEDAPITVQSKINQAQRSDIAYKAKGEEIIHKYNLPPDLPQFIQAKVNAYNISENMYKADLKDLSKKGYDLRTDAIPIRAAKAARQAASDVQYKKDYEKAKGKMVGFQSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKIQSDREYKKDYEKTKSKYNTPHDMFNVVAAKKAQDVVSNVNYKHSLHHYTYLPDAMDLELSKNMMQIQSDNVYKEDYNNWMKGIGWIPIGSLDVEKVKKAGDALNEKKYRQHPDTLKFTSIVDSPVMVQAKQNTKQVSDILYKAKGEDVKHKYTMSPDLPQFLQAKCNAYNISDVCYKRDWYDLIAKGNNVLGDAIPITAAKASRNIASDYKYKEAYEKSKGKHVGFRSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKLQSDREYKKNYENTKTSYHTPGDMVSITAAKMAQDVATNVNYKQPLHHYTYLPDAMSLEHTRNVNQIQSDNVYKDEYNSFLKGIGWIPIGSLEVEKVKKAGDALNERKYRQHPDTVKFTSVPDSMGMVLAQHNTKQLSDLNYKVEGEKLKHKYTIDPELPQFIQAKVNALNMSDAHYKADWKKTIAKGYDLRPDAIPIVAAKSSRNIASDCKYKEAYEKAKGKQVGFLSLQDDPKLVHYMNVAKIQSDREYKKGYEASKTKYHTPLDMVSVTAAKKSQEVATNANYRQSYHHYTLLPDALNVEHSRNAMQIQSDNLYKSDFTNWMKGIGWVPIESLEVEKAKKAGEILSEKKYRQHPEKLKFTYAMDTMEQALNKSNKLNMDKRLYTEKWNKDKTTIHVMPDTPDILLSRVNQITMSDKLYKAGWEEEKKKGYDLRPDAIAIKAARASRDIASDYKYKKAYEQAKGKHIGFRSLEDDPKLVHFMQVAKMQSDREYKKGYEKSKTSFHTPVDMLSVVAAKKSQEVATNANYRNVIHTYNMLPDAMSFELAKNMMQIQSDNQYKADYADFMKGIGWLPLGSLEAEKNKKAMEIISEKKYRQHPDTLKYSTLMDSMNMVLAQNNAKIMNEHLYKQAWEADKTKVHIMPDIPQIILAKANAINMSDKLYKLSLEESKKKGYDLRPDAIPIKAAKASRDIASDYKYKYNYEKGKGKMVGFRSLEDDPKLVHSMQVAKMQSDREYKKNYENTKTSYHTPADMLSVTAAKDAQANITNTNYKHLIHKYILLPDAMNIELTRNMNRIQSDNEYKQDYNEWYKGLGWSPAGSLEVEKAKKATEYASDQKYRQHPSNFQFKKLTDSMDMVLAKQNAHTMNKHLYTIDWNKDKTKIHVMPDTPDILQAKQNQTLYSQKLYKLGWEEALKKGYDLPVDAISVQLAKASRDIASDYKYKQGYRKQLGHHVGFRSLQDDPKLVLSMNVAKMQSEREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQELVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQNDVVQAKKVYELQSENLYKSDLEWLRGIGWSPLGSLEAEKNKRASEIISEKKYRQPPDRNKFTSIPDAMDIVLAKTNAKNRSDRLYREAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPDIVLAKANLINTSDKLYRMGYEELKRKGYDLPVDAIPIKAAKASREIASEYKYKEGFRKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNLYKSDLQWLKGIGWMTSGSLEDEKNKRATQILSDHVYRQHPDQFKFSSLMDSIPMVLAKNNAITMNHRLYTEAWDKDKTTVHIMPDTPEVLLAKQNKVNYSEKLYKLGLEEAKRKGYDMRVDAIPIKAAKASRDIASEFKYKEGYRKQLGHHIGARAIRDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHQWTCLPDQSDVIHARQAYDLQSDNMYKSDLQWMRGIGWVSIGSLDVEKCKRATEILSDKIYRQPPDRFKFTSVTDSLEQRLYTEAWDKDKTQIHIMPDTPEIMLARQNKINYSETLYKLANEEAKKKGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDVISDYKYKDGYRKQLGHHIGARNIEDDPKMMWSMHVAKIQSDREYKKDFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKNYLHEWTCLPDQNDVIHARQAYDLQSDNIYKSDLQWLRGIGWVPIGSMDVVKCKRAAEILSDNIYRQPPDKLKFTSVTDSLEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDKDKTQVHIMPDTPEIMLARQNKINYSESLYRQAMEEAKKEGYDLRSDAIPIVAAKASRDIASDYKYKEAYRKQLGHHIGARAVHDDPKIMWSLHIAKVQSDREYKKDFEKYKTRYSSPVDMLGIVLAKKCQTLVSDVDYKHPLHEWICLPDQNDIIHARKAYDLQSDNLYKSDLEWMKGIGWVPIDSLEVVRAKRAGELLSDTIYRQRPETLKFTSITDTPEQVLAKNNALNMNKRLYTEAWDNDKKTIHVMPDTPEIMLAKLNRINYSDKLYKLALEESKKEGYDLRLDAIPIQAAKASRDIASDYKYKEGYRKQLGHHIGARNIKDDPKMMWSIHVAKIQSDREYKKEFEKWKTKFSSPVDMLGVVLAKKCQILVSDIDYKHPLHEWTCLPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDAIYKSDLEWLRGIGWVPIGSVEVEKVKRAGEILSDRKYRQPADQLKFTCITDTPEIVLAKNNALTMSKHLYTEAWDADKTSIHVMPDTPDILLAKSNSANISQKLYTKGWDESKMKDYDLRADAISIKSAKASRDIASDYKYKEAYEKQKGHHIGAQSIEDDPKIMCAIHAGKIQSEREYKKEFQKWKTKFSSPVDMLSILLAKKCQTLVTDIDYRNYLHEWTCMPDQNDIIQAKKAYDLQSDALYKADLEWLRGIGWMPQGSPEVLRVKNAQNIFCDSVYRTPVVNLKYTSIVDTPEVVLAKSNAENISIPKYREVWDKDKTSIHIMPDTPEINLARANALNVSNKLYREGWDEMKAGCDVRLDAIPIQAAKASREIASDYKYKLDHEKQKGHYVGTLTARDDNKIRWALIADKLQNEREYRLDWAKWKAKIQSPVDMLSILHSKNSQALVSDMDYRNYLHQWTCMPDQNDVIQAKKAYELQSDNVYKADLEWLRGIGWMPNDSVSVNHAKHAADIFSEKKYRTKIETLNFTPVDDRVDYVTAKQSGEILDDIKYRKDWNATKSKYTLTETPLLHTAQEAARILDQYLYKEGWERQKATGYILPPDAVPFVHAHHCNDVQSELKYKAEHVKQKGHYVGVPTMRDDPKLVWFEHAGQIQNERLYKEDYHKTKAKINIPADMVSVLAAKQGQTLVSDIDYRNYLHQWMCHPDQNDVIQARKAYDLQSDNVYRADLEWLRGIGWIPLDSVDHVRVTKNQEMMSQIKYKKNALENYPNFRSVVDPPEIVLAKINSVNQSDVKYKETFNKAKGKYTFSPDTPHISHSKDMGKLYSTILYKGAWEGTKAYGYTLDERYIPIVGAKHADLVNSELKYKETYEKQKGHYLAGKVIGEFPGVVHCLDFQKMRSALNYRKHYEDTKANVHIPNDMMNHVLAKRCQYILSDLEYRHYFHKWTSLLEEPNVIRVRNAQEILSDNVYKDDLNWLKGIGCYVWDTPQILHAKKSYDLQSQLQYTAAGKENLQNYNLVTDTPLYVTAVQSGINASEVKYKENYHQIKDKYTTVLETVDYDRTRNLKNLYSSNLYKEAWDRVKATSYILPSSTLSLTHAKNQKHLASHIKYREEYEKFKALYTLPRSVDDDPNTARCLRVGKLNIDRLYRSVYEKNKMKIHIVPDMVEMVTAKDSQKKVSEIDYRLRLHEWICHPDLQVNDHVRKVTDQISDIVYKDDLNWLKGIGCYVWDTPEILHAKHAYDLRDDIKYKAHMLKTRNDYKLVTDTPVYVQAVKSGKQLSDAVYHYDYVHSVRGKVAPTTKTVDLDRALHAYKLQSSNLYKTSLRTLPTGYRLPGDTPHFKHIKDTRYMSSYFKYKEAYEHTKAYGYTLGPKDVPFVHVRRVNNVTSERLYRELYHKLKDKIHTTPDTPEIRQVKKTQEAVSELIYKSDFFKMQGHMISLPYTPQVIHCRYVGDITSDIKYKEDLQVLKGFGCFLYDTPDMVRSRHLRKLWSNYLYTDKARKMRDKYKVVLDTPEYRKVQELKTHLSELVYRAAGKKQKSIFTSVPDTPDLLRAKRGQKLQSQYLYVELATKERPHHHAGNQTTALKHAKDVKDMVSEKKYKIQYEKMKDKYTPVPDTPILIRAKRAYWNASDLRYKETFQKTKGKYHTVKDALDIVYHRKVTDDISKIKYKENYMSQLGIWRSIPDRPEHFHHRAVTDTVSDVKYKEDLTWLKGIGCYAYDTPDFTLAEKNKTLYSKYKYKEVFERTKSDFKYVADSPINRHFKYATQLMNEKKYRADYEQRKDKYHLVVDEPRHLLAKTAGDQISQIKYRKNYEKSKDKFTSIVDTPEHLRTTKVNKQISDILYKLEYNKAKPRGYTTIHDTPMLLHVRKVKDEVSDLKYKEVYQRNKSNCTIEPDAVHIKAAKDAYKVNTNLDYKKQYEANKAHWKWTPDRPDFLQAAKSSLQQSDFEYKLDREFLKGCKLSVTDDKNTVLALRNTLIESDLKYKEKHVKERGTCHAVPDTPQILLAKTVSNLVSENKYKDHVKKHLAQGSYTTLPETRDTVHVKEVTKHVSDTNYKKKFVKEKGKSNYSIMLEPPEVKHAMEVAKKQSDVAYRKDAKENLHYTTVADRPDIKKATQAAKQASEVEYRAKHRKEGSHGLSMLGRPDIEMAKKAAKLSSQVKYRENFDKEKGKTPKYNPKDSQLYKVMKDANNLASEVKYKADLKKLHKPVTDMKESLIMNHVLNTSQLASSYQYKKKYEKSKGHYHTIPDNLEQLHLKEATELQSIVKYKEKYEKERGKPMLDFETPTYITAKESQQMQSGKEYRKDYEESIKGRNLTGLEVTPALLHVKYATKIASEKEYRKDLEESIRGKGLTEMEDTPDMLRAKNATQILNEKEYKRDLELEVKGRGLNAMANETPDFMRARNATDIASQIKYKQSAEMEKANFTSVVDTPEIIHAQQVKNLSSQKKYKEDAEKSMSYYETVLDTPEIQRVRENQKNFSLLQYQCDLKNSKGKITVVQDTPEILRVKENQKNFSSVLYKEDVSPGTAIGKTPEMMRVKQTQDHISSVKYKEAIGQGTPIPDLPEVKRVKETQKHISSVMYKENLGTGIPTTVTPEIERVKRNQENFSSVLYKENLGKGIPTPITPEMERVKRNQENFSSVLYKENMGKGTPLAVTPEMERVKHNQENISSVLYKENVGKATATPVTPEMQRVKRNQENISSVLYKENLGKATPTPFTPEMERVKRNQENFSSVLYKENMRKATPTPVTPEMERAKRNQENISSVLYSDSFRKQIQGKAAYVLDTPEMRRVRETQRHISTVKYHEDFEKHKGCFTPVVTDPITERVKKNMQDFSDINYRGIQRKVVEMEQKRNDQDQETITGLRVWRTNPGSVFDYDPAEDNIQSRSLHMINVQAQRRSREQSRSASALSISGGEEKSEHSEAPDHHLSTYSDGGVFAVSTAYKHAKTTELPQQRSSSVATQQTTVSSIPSHPSTAGKIFRAMYDYMAADADEVSFKDGDAIINVQAIDEGWMYGTVQRTGRTGMLPANYVEAI*
chr2:159218364:C/A:1	chr2	159218364	C|A	1	TANC1	NM_001145909	85461	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	734	None
chr2:159218364:C/A:1	chr2	159218364	C|A	1	TANC1	NM_001350062	85461	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	734	None
chr2:159218364:C/A:1	chr2	159218364	C|A	1	TANC1	NM_001350063	85461	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	734	None
chr2:159218364:C/A:1	chr2	159218364	C|A	1	TANC1	NM_001350064	85461	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	734	None
chr2:159218364:C/A:1	chr2	159218364	C|A	1	TANC1	NM_001350065	85461	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	734	None
chr2:159218364:C/A:1	chr2	159218364	C|A	1	TANC1	NM_033394	85461	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	734	None
chr2:159373301:G/T:1	chr2	159373301	G|T	1	BAZ2B	NM_001289975	29994	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	112	None
chr2:159373301:G/T:1	chr2	159373301	G|T	1	BAZ2B	NM_001329857	29994	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	112	None
chr2:159373301:G/T:1	chr2	159373301	G|T	1	BAZ2B	NM_001329858	29994	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	112	None
chr2:159373301:G/T:1	chr2	159373301	G|T	1	BAZ2B	NM_013450	29994	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	112	None
chr2:160032712:C/A:1	chr2	160032712	C|A	1	PLA2R1	NM_001007267	22925	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	247	None
chr2:160032712:C/A:1	chr2	160032712	C|A	1	PLA2R1	NM_001195641	22925	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	247	None
chr2:160032712:C/A:1	chr2	160032712	C|A	1	PLA2R1	NM_007366	22925	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	247	None
chr2:160300340:A/G:1	chr2	160300340	A|G	1	RBMS1	NM_002897	5937	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	311	None
chr2:160300340:A/G:1	chr2	160300340	A|G	1	RBMS1	NM_016836	5937	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	311	None
chr2:166047534:C/T:1	chr2	166047534	C|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001165963	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr2:166047534:C/T:1	chr2	166047534	C|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001165964	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr2:166047534:C/T:1	chr2	166047534	C|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001202435	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr2:166047534:C/T:1	chr2	166047534	C|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353948	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr2:166047534:C/T:1	chr2	166047534	C|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353949	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr2:166047534:C/T:1	chr2	166047534	C|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353950	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr2:166047534:C/T:1	chr2	166047534	C|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353951	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr2:166047534:C/T:1	chr2	166047534	C|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353952	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr2:166047534:C/T:1	chr2	166047534	C|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353954	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr2:166047534:C/T:1	chr2	166047534	C|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353955	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr2:166047534:C/T:1	chr2	166047534	C|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353957	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr2:166047534:C/T:1	chr2	166047534	C|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353958	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr2:166047534:C/T:1	chr2	166047534	C|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353960	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr2:166047534:C/T:1	chr2	166047534	C|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353961	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr2:166047534:C/T:1	chr2	166047534	C|T	1	SCN1A	NM_006920	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr2:166047534:C/T:1	chr2	166047534	C|T	1	SCN1A	NR_148667	6323	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr2:166047536:A/T:1	chr2	166047536	A|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001165963	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr2:166047536:A/T:1	chr2	166047536	A|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001165964	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr2:166047536:A/T:1	chr2	166047536	A|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001202435	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr2:166047536:A/T:1	chr2	166047536	A|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353948	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr2:166047536:A/T:1	chr2	166047536	A|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353949	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr2:166047536:A/T:1	chr2	166047536	A|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353950	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr2:166047536:A/T:1	chr2	166047536	A|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353951	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr2:166047536:A/T:1	chr2	166047536	A|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353952	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr2:166047536:A/T:1	chr2	166047536	A|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353954	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr2:166047536:A/T:1	chr2	166047536	A|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353955	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr2:166047536:A/T:1	chr2	166047536	A|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353957	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr2:166047536:A/T:1	chr2	166047536	A|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353958	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr2:166047536:A/T:1	chr2	166047536	A|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353960	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr2:166047536:A/T:1	chr2	166047536	A|T	1	SCN1A	NM_001353961	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr2:166047536:A/T:1	chr2	166047536	A|T	1	SCN1A	NM_006920	6323	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr2:166047536:A/T:1	chr2	166047536	A|T	1	SCN1A	NR_148667	6323	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr2:172068826:T/C:1	chr2	172068826	T|C	1	METAP1D	NM_001322278	254042	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2081	None
chr2:172068826:T/C:1	chr2	172068826	T|C	1	METAP1D	NM_001322279	254042	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2081	None
chr2:172068826:T/C:1	chr2	172068826	T|C	1	METAP1D	NM_199227	254042	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2081	None
chr2:172068826:T/C:1	chr2	172068826	T|C	1	METAP1D	NR_136273	254042	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2081	None
chr2:172068826:T/C:1	chr2	172068826	T|C	1	METAP1D	NR_136276	254042	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2081	None
chr2:176083577:G/T:1	chr2	176083577	G|T	1	EVX2	NM_001080458	344191	coding	386	200	67	A>D	nonsyn	None	MMERIRKEMILMERGLHSPTAGKRFSNLSNSAGNAVLEALENSQHPARLSPRLPSAPLHSALGELPAKGKFEIDTLFNLQHTGSESTVSSEISSAAESRKKPGHYSEAAAEADMSSDVEVGCSALRSPGGLGAAQLKENNGKGYAESGSAAGTTTSASGSGLGSLHGGSGGSGGSAALGGSGSGADQVRRYRTAFTREQIARLEKEFYRENYVSRPRRCELAAALNLPETTIKVWFQNRRMKDKRQRLAMSWPHPADPSFYTYMMTHAAATGSLPYPFHSHVPLHYYPHVGVTAAAAAAAASGAAAAASSPFATSIRPLDTFRALSHPYSRPELLCSFRHPGLYQAPAAAAGLNSAASAAAAAAAAAAAASSAAAAGAPPSGGSAPCSCLSCHSSQSAAAAAAAAAAALGSRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGAGAGGGSDFGCSAAAPRSESGFLPYSAAVLSKTAVSPPDQRDEAPLTR*|MMERIRKEMILMERGLHSPTAGKRFSNLSNSAGNAVLEALENSQHPARLSPRLPSAPLHSALGELPDKGKFEIDTLFNLQHTGSESTVSSEISSAAESRKKPGHYSEAAAEADMSSDVEVGCSALRSPGGLGAAQLKENNGKGYAESGSAAGTTTSASGSGLGSLHGGSGGSGGSAALGGSGSGADQVRRYRTAFTREQIARLEKEFYRENYVSRPRRCELAAALNLPETTIKVWFQNRRMKDKRQRLAMSWPHPADPSFYTYMMTHAAATGSLPYPFHSHVPLHYYPHVGVTAAAAAAAASGAAAAASSPFATSIRPLDTFRALSHPYSRPELLCSFRHPGLYQAPAAAAGLNSAASAAAAAAAAAAAASSAAAAGAPPSGGSAPCSCLSCHSSQSAAAAAAAAAAALGSRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGAGAGGGSDFGCSAAAPRSESGFLPYSAAVLSKTAVSPPDQRDEAPLTR*
chr2:177709965:T/C:1	chr2	177709965	T|C	1	PDE11A	NM_001077196	50940	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1804	None
chr2:177709965:T/C:1	chr2	177709965	T|C	1	PDE11A	NM_001077197	50940	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1804	None
chr2:177709965:T/C:1	chr2	177709965	T|C	1	PDE11A	NM_001077358	50940	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1804	None
chr2:177709965:T/C:1	chr2	177709965	T|C	1	PDE11A	NM_016953	50940	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1804	None
chr2:177709965:T/C:1	chr2	177709965	T|C	1	LOC105373764	NR_136171	105373764	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7216	None
chr2:178453484:C/A:1	chr2	178453484	C|A	1	PJVK	NM_001353777	494513	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	69	None
chr2:178453484:C/A:1	chr2	178453484	C|A	1	PJVK	NM_001042702	494513	coding	431	75	25	L>L	syn	None	MFAAATKSFVKQVGDGGRLVPVPSLSEADKYQPLSLVVKKKRCFLFPRYKFTSTPFTLKDILLGDREISAGISSYQLLNYEDESDVSLYGRRGNHIVNDVGINVAGSDSIAVKASFGIVTKHEVEVSTLLKEITTRKINFDHSLIRQSRSSRKAVLCVVMESIRTTRQCSLSVHAGIRGEAMRFHFMDEQNPKGRDKAIVFPAHTTIAFSVFELFIYLDGAFDLCVTSVSKGGFEREETATFALLYRLRNILFERNRRVMDVISRSQLYLDDLFSDYYDKPLSMTDISLKEGTHIRVNLLNHNIPKGPCILCGMGNFKRETVYGCFQCSVDGQKYVRLHAVPCFDIWHKRMK*
chr2:178453484:C/A:1	chr2	178453484	C|A	1	PJVK	NM_001353775	494513	coding	489	84	28	L>L	syn	None	MAFAWDAAPLSFVKQVGDGGRLVPVPSLSEADKYQPLSLVVKKKRCFLFPRYKFTSTPFTLKDILLGDREISAGISSYQLLNYEDESDVSLYGRRGNHIVNDVGINVAGSDSIAVKASFGIVTKHEVEVSTLLKEITTRKINFDHSLIRQSRSSRKAVLCVVMESIRTTRQCSLSVHAGIRGEAMRFHFMDEQNPKGRDKAIVFPAHTTIAFSVFELFIYLDGAFDLCVTSVSKGGFEREETATFALLYRLRNILFERNRRVMDVISRSQLYLDDLFSDYYDKPLSMTDISLKEGTHIRVNLLNHNIPKGPCILCGMGNFKRETVYGCFQCSVDGQKYVRLHAVPCFDIWHKRMK*
chr2:178453484:C/A:1	chr2	178453484	C|A	1	PJVK	NM_001353776	494513	coding	280	180	60	L>L	syn	None	MYVYRLLSITVLMDILLEGLHSQYFTIYELRITPMAKHFSTQSFVKQVGDGGRLVPVPSLSEADKYQPLSLVVKKKRCFLFPRYKFTSTPFTLKDILLGDREISAGISSYQLLNYEDESDVSLYGRRGNHIVNDVGINVAGSDSIAVKASFGIVTKHEVEVSTLLKEITTRKINFDHSLIRQSRSSRKAVLCVVMESIRTTRQCSLSVHAGIRGEAMRFHFMDEQNPKGRDKAIVFPAHTTIAFSVFELFIYLDGAFDRRVMDVISRSQLYLDDLFSDYYDKPLSMTDISLKEGTHIRVNLLNHNIPKGPCILCGMGNFKRETVYGCFQCSVDGQKYVRLHAVPCFDIWHKRMK*
chr2:178453484:C/A:1	chr2	178453484	C|A	1	PJVK	NM_001353778	494513	5utr	448	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:178453620:G/T:1	chr2	178453620	G|T	1	PJVK	NM_001042702	494513	coding	567	211	71	G>C	nonsyn	None	MFAAATKSFVKQVGDGGRLVPVPSLSEADKYQPLSLVVKKKRCFLFPRYKFTSTPFTLKDILLGDREISAGISSYQLLNYEDESDVSLYGRRGNHIVNDVGINVAGSDSIAVKASFGIVTKHEVEVSTLLKEITTRKINFDHSLIRQSRSSRKAVLCVVMESIRTTRQCSLSVHAGIRGEAMRFHFMDEQNPKGRDKAIVFPAHTTIAFSVFELFIYLDGAFDLCVTSVSKGGFEREETATFALLYRLRNILFERNRRVMDVISRSQLYLDDLFSDYYDKPLSMTDISLKEGTHIRVNLLNHNIPKGPCILCGMGNFKRETVYGCFQCSVDGQKYVRLHAVPCFDIWHKRMK*|MFAAATKSFVKQVGDGGRLVPVPSLSEADKYQPLSLVVKKKRCFLFPRYKFTSTPFTLKDILLGDREISACISSYQLLNYEDESDVSLYGRRGNHIVNDVGINVAGSDSIAVKASFGIVTKHEVEVSTLLKEITTRKINFDHSLIRQSRSSRKAVLCVVMESIRTTRQCSLSVHAGIRGEAMRFHFMDEQNPKGRDKAIVFPAHTTIAFSVFELFIYLDGAFDLCVTSVSKGGFEREETATFALLYRLRNILFERNRRVMDVISRSQLYLDDLFSDYYDKPLSMTDISLKEGTHIRVNLLNHNIPKGPCILCGMGNFKRETVYGCFQCSVDGQKYVRLHAVPCFDIWHKRMK*
chr2:178453620:G/T:1	chr2	178453620	G|T	1	PJVK	NM_001353775	494513	coding	625	220	74	G>C	nonsyn	None	MAFAWDAAPLSFVKQVGDGGRLVPVPSLSEADKYQPLSLVVKKKRCFLFPRYKFTSTPFTLKDILLGDREISAGISSYQLLNYEDESDVSLYGRRGNHIVNDVGINVAGSDSIAVKASFGIVTKHEVEVSTLLKEITTRKINFDHSLIRQSRSSRKAVLCVVMESIRTTRQCSLSVHAGIRGEAMRFHFMDEQNPKGRDKAIVFPAHTTIAFSVFELFIYLDGAFDLCVTSVSKGGFEREETATFALLYRLRNILFERNRRVMDVISRSQLYLDDLFSDYYDKPLSMTDISLKEGTHIRVNLLNHNIPKGPCILCGMGNFKRETVYGCFQCSVDGQKYVRLHAVPCFDIWHKRMK*|MAFAWDAAPLSFVKQVGDGGRLVPVPSLSEADKYQPLSLVVKKKRCFLFPRYKFTSTPFTLKDILLGDREISACISSYQLLNYEDESDVSLYGRRGNHIVNDVGINVAGSDSIAVKASFGIVTKHEVEVSTLLKEITTRKINFDHSLIRQSRSSRKAVLCVVMESIRTTRQCSLSVHAGIRGEAMRFHFMDEQNPKGRDKAIVFPAHTTIAFSVFELFIYLDGAFDLCVTSVSKGGFEREETATFALLYRLRNILFERNRRVMDVISRSQLYLDDLFSDYYDKPLSMTDISLKEGTHIRVNLLNHNIPKGPCILCGMGNFKRETVYGCFQCSVDGQKYVRLHAVPCFDIWHKRMK*
chr2:178453620:G/T:1	chr2	178453620	G|T	1	PJVK	NM_001353776	494513	coding	416	316	106	G>C	nonsyn	None	MYVYRLLSITVLMDILLEGLHSQYFTIYELRITPMAKHFSTQSFVKQVGDGGRLVPVPSLSEADKYQPLSLVVKKKRCFLFPRYKFTSTPFTLKDILLGDREISAGISSYQLLNYEDESDVSLYGRRGNHIVNDVGINVAGSDSIAVKASFGIVTKHEVEVSTLLKEITTRKINFDHSLIRQSRSSRKAVLCVVMESIRTTRQCSLSVHAGIRGEAMRFHFMDEQNPKGRDKAIVFPAHTTIAFSVFELFIYLDGAFDRRVMDVISRSQLYLDDLFSDYYDKPLSMTDISLKEGTHIRVNLLNHNIPKGPCILCGMGNFKRETVYGCFQCSVDGQKYVRLHAVPCFDIWHKRMK*|MYVYRLLSITVLMDILLEGLHSQYFTIYELRITPMAKHFSTQSFVKQVGDGGRLVPVPSLSEADKYQPLSLVVKKKRCFLFPRYKFTSTPFTLKDILLGDREISACISSYQLLNYEDESDVSLYGRRGNHIVNDVGINVAGSDSIAVKASFGIVTKHEVEVSTLLKEITTRKINFDHSLIRQSRSSRKAVLCVVMESIRTTRQCSLSVHAGIRGEAMRFHFMDEQNPKGRDKAIVFPAHTTIAFSVFELFIYLDGAFDRRVMDVISRSQLYLDDLFSDYYDKPLSMTDISLKEGTHIRVNLLNHNIPKGPCILCGMGNFKRETVYGCFQCSVDGQKYVRLHAVPCFDIWHKRMK*
chr2:178453620:G/T:1	chr2	178453620	G|T	1	PJVK	NM_001353778	494513	5utr	584	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:178453620:G/T:1	chr2	178453620	G|T	1	PJVK	NM_001353777	494513	5utr	402	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:178461299:G/T:1	chr2	178461299	G|T	1	PJVK	NM_001042702	494513	3utr	1440	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:178461299:G/T:1	chr2	178461299	G|T	1	PJVK	NM_001353775	494513	3utr	1498	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:178461299:G/T:1	chr2	178461299	G|T	1	PJVK	NM_001353776	494513	3utr	1190	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:178461299:G/T:1	chr2	178461299	G|T	1	PJVK	NM_001353777	494513	3utr	1275	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:178461299:G/T:1	chr2	178461299	G|T	1	PJVK	NM_001353778	494513	3utr	1457	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:178529881:A/T:1	chr2	178529881	A|T	1	TTN-AS1	NR_038272	100506866	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5851	None
chr2:178529881:A/T:1	chr2	178529881	A|T	1	TTN-AS1	NR_038271	100506866	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6245	None
chr2:178529881:A/T:1	chr2	178529881	A|T	1	TTN	NM_001256850	7273	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr2:178529881:A/T:1	chr2	178529881	A|T	1	TTN	NM_001267550	7273	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr2:178529881:A/T:1	chr2	178529881	A|T	1	TTN	NM_003319	7273	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr2:178529881:A/T:1	chr2	178529881	A|T	1	TTN	NM_133378	7273	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr2:178529881:A/T:1	chr2	178529881	A|T	1	TTN	NM_133432	7273	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr2:178529881:A/T:1	chr2	178529881	A|T	1	TTN	NM_133437	7273	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr2:188227159:C/G:1	chr2	188227159	C|G	1	LINC01090	NR_126396	104355152	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60308	None
chr2:189098495:C/A:1	chr2	189098495	C|A	1	COL5A2	NM_000393	1290	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	232	None
chr2:189465352:G/A:1	chr2	189465352	G|A	1	WDR75	NM_001303096	84128	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	98	None
chr2:189465352:G/A:1	chr2	189465352	G|A	1	WDR75	NM_032168	84128	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	98	None
chr2:190687195:C/T:1	chr2	190687195	C|T	1	NAB1	NM_001321312	4664	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6	None
chr2:190687195:C/T:1	chr2	190687195	C|T	1	NAB1	NM_001321313	4664	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6	None
chr2:190687195:C/T:1	chr2	190687195	C|T	1	NAB1	NM_001321314	4664	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6	None
chr2:190687195:C/T:1	chr2	190687195	C|T	1	NAB1	NM_001321315	4664	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6	None
chr2:190687195:C/T:1	chr2	190687195	C|T	1	NAB1	NM_005966	4664	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6	None
chr2:190687196:A/T:1	chr2	190687196	A|T	1	NAB1	NM_001321312	4664	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5	None
chr2:190687196:A/T:1	chr2	190687196	A|T	1	NAB1	NM_001321313	4664	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5	None
chr2:190687196:A/T:1	chr2	190687196	A|T	1	NAB1	NM_001321314	4664	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5	None
chr2:190687196:A/T:1	chr2	190687196	A|T	1	NAB1	NM_001321315	4664	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5	None
chr2:190687196:A/T:1	chr2	190687196	A|T	1	NAB1	NM_005966	4664	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5	None
chr2:196222438:A/C:1	chr2	196222438	A|C	1	HECW2	NM_001304840	57520	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	98	None
chr2:196222438:A/C:1	chr2	196222438	A|C	1	HECW2	NM_001348768	57520	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	98	None
chr2:196222438:A/C:1	chr2	196222438	A|C	1	HECW2	NM_020760	57520	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	98	None
chr2:196701214:A/G:1	chr2	196701214	A|G	1	LOC100130452	NR_034036	100130452	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	373	None
chr2:196701214:A/G:1	chr2	196701214	A|G	1	CCDC150	NM_001080539	284992	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	34	None
chr2:196701214:A/G:1	chr2	196701214	A|G	1	CCDC150	NM_001353339	284992	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	34	None
chr2:201728707:T/A:1	chr2	201728707	T|A	1	ALS2	NM_020919	57679	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr2:204560636:G/T:1	chr2	204560636	G|T	1	PARD3B	NM_001302769	117583	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14517	None
chr2:204560636:G/T:1	chr2	204560636	G|T	1	PARD3B	NM_057177	117583	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14517	None
chr2:204560636:G/T:1	chr2	204560636	G|T	1	PARD3B	NM_152526	117583	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14517	None
chr2:204560636:G/T:1	chr2	204560636	G|T	1	PARD3B	NM_205863	117583	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14517	None
chr2:205185760:A/T:1	chr2	205185760	A|T	1	PARD3B	NM_001302769	117583	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr2:205185760:A/T:1	chr2	205185760	A|T	1	PARD3B	NM_057177	117583	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr2:205185760:A/T:1	chr2	205185760	A|T	1	PARD3B	NM_152526	117583	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr2:205185760:A/T:1	chr2	205185760	A|T	1	PARD3B	NM_205863	117583	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr2:209809377:C/A:1	chr2	209809377	C|A	1	UNC80	NM_032504	285175	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4203	None
chr2:209809377:C/A:1	chr2	209809377	C|A	1	UNC80	NM_182587	285175	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4203	None
chr2:210033207:C/T:1	chr2	210033207	C|T	1	KANSL1L	NM_001307976	151050	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3289	None
chr2:210033207:C/T:1	chr2	210033207	C|T	1	KANSL1L	NM_152519	151050	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1661	None
chr2:210033207:C/T:1	chr2	210033207	C|T	1	LOC101928020	NR_110291	101928020	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	283	None
chr2:211630704:C/G:1	chr2	211630704	C|G	1	ERBB4	NM_001042599	2066	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	110	None
chr2:211630704:C/G:1	chr2	211630704	C|G	1	ERBB4	NM_005235	2066	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	110	None
chr2:215994633:G/T:1	chr2	215994633	G|T	1	MREG	NM_018000	55686	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1673	None
chr2:217841979:C/A:1	chr2	217841979	C|A	1	TNS1	NM_001308022	7145	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5531	None
chr2:217841979:C/A:1	chr2	217841979	C|A	1	TNS1	NM_001308023	7145	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5531	None
chr2:217841979:C/A:1	chr2	217841979	C|A	1	TNS1	NM_022648	7145	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5531	None
chr2:218582908:A/T:1	chr2	218582908	A|T	1	CNOT9	NM_001271634	9125	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	63	None
chr2:218582908:A/T:1	chr2	218582908	A|T	1	CNOT9	NM_001271635	9125	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	63	None
chr2:218582908:A/T:1	chr2	218582908	A|T	1	CNOT9	NM_005444	9125	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	63	None
chr2:218582908:A/T:1	chr2	218582908	A|T	1	CNOT9	NR_073390	9125	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	63	None
chr2:226796751:A/G:1	chr2	226796751	A|G	1	IRS1	NM_005544	3667	coding	2040	1988	663	M>T	nonsyn	None	MASPPESDGFSDVRKVGYLRKPKSMHKRFFVLRAASEAGGPARLEYYENEKKWRHKSSAPKRSIPLESCFNINKRADSKNKHLVALYTRDEHFAIAADSEAEQDSWYQALLQLHNRAKGHHDGAAALGAGGGGGSCSGSSGLGEAGEDLSYGDVPPGPAFKEVWQVILKPKGLGQTKNLIGIYRLCLTSKTISFVKLNSEAAAVVLQLMNIRRCGHSENFFFIEVGRSAVTGPGEFWMQVDDSVVAQNMHETILEAMRAMSDEFRPRSKSQSSSNCSNPISVPLRRHHLNNPPPSQVGLTRRSRTESITATSPASMVGGKPGSFRVRASSDGEGTMSRPASVDGSPVSPSTNRTHAHRHRGSARLHPPLNHSRSIPMPASRCSPSATSPVSLSSSSTSGHGSTSDCLFPRRSSASVSGSPSDGGFISSDEYGSSPCDFRSSFRSVTPDSLGHTPPARGEEELSNYICMGGKGPSTLTAPNGHYILSRGGNGHRCTPGTGLGTSPALAGDEAASAADLDNRFRKRTHSAGTSPTITHQKTPSQSSVASIEEYTEMMPAYPPGGGSGGRLPGHRHSAFVPTRSYPEEGLEMHPLERRGGHHRPDSSTLHTDDGYMPMSPGVAPVPSGRKGSGDYMPMSPKSVSAPQQIINPIRRHPQRVDPNGYMMMSPSGGCSPDIGGGPSSSSSSSNAVPSGTSYGKLWTNGVGGHHSHVLPHPKPPVESSGGKLLPCTGDYMNMSPVGDSNTSSPSDCYYGPEDPQHKPVLSYYSLPRSFKHTQRPGEPEEGARHQHLRLSTSSGRLLYAATADDSSSSTSSDSLGGGYCGARLEPSLPHPHHQVLQPHLPRKVDTAAQTNSRLARPTRLSLGDPKASTLPRAREQQQQQQPLLHPPEPKSPGEYVNIEFGSDQSGYLSGPVAFHSSPSVRCPSQLQPAPREEETGTEEYMKMDLGPGRRAAWQESTGVEMGRLGPAPPGAASICRPTRAVPSSRGDYMTMQMSCPRQSYVDTSPAAPVSYADMRTGIAAEEVSLPRATMAAASSSSAASASPTGPQGAAELAAHSSLLGGPQGPGGMSAFTRVNLSPNRNQSAKVIRADPQGCRRRHSSETFSSTPSATRVGNTVPFGAGAAVGGGGGSSSSSEDVKRHSSASFENVWLRPGELGGAPKEPAKLCGAAGGLENGLNYIDLDLVKDFKQCPQECTPEPQPPPPPPPHQPLGSGESSSTRRSSEDLSAYASISFQKQPEDRQ*|MASPPESDGFSDVRKVGYLRKPKSMHKRFFVLRAASEAGGPARLEYYENEKKWRHKSSAPKRSIPLESCFNINKRADSKNKHLVALYTRDEHFAIAADSEAEQDSWYQALLQLHNRAKGHHDGAAALGAGGGGGSCSGSSGLGEAGEDLSYGDVPPGPAFKEVWQVILKPKGLGQTKNLIGIYRLCLTSKTISFVKLNSEAAAVVLQLMNIRRCGHSENFFFIEVGRSAVTGPGEFWMQVDDSVVAQNMHETILEAMRAMSDEFRPRSKSQSSSNCSNPISVPLRRHHLNNPPPSQVGLTRRSRTESITATSPASMVGGKPGSFRVRASSDGEGTMSRPASVDGSPVSPSTNRTHAHRHRGSARLHPPLNHSRSIPMPASRCSPSATSPVSLSSSSTSGHGSTSDCLFPRRSSASVSGSPSDGGFISSDEYGSSPCDFRSSFRSVTPDSLGHTPPARGEEELSNYICMGGKGPSTLTAPNGHYILSRGGNGHRCTPGTGLGTSPALAGDEAASAADLDNRFRKRTHSAGTSPTITHQKTPSQSSVASIEEYTEMMPAYPPGGGSGGRLPGHRHSAFVPTRSYPEEGLEMHPLERRGGHHRPDSSTLHTDDGYMPMSPGVAPVPSGRKGSGDYMPMSPKSVSAPQQIINPIRRHPQRVDPNGYTMMSPSGGCSPDIGGGPSSSSSSSNAVPSGTSYGKLWTNGVGGHHSHVLPHPKPPVESSGGKLLPCTGDYMNMSPVGDSNTSSPSDCYYGPEDPQHKPVLSYYSLPRSFKHTQRPGEPEEGARHQHLRLSTSSGRLLYAATADDSSSSTSSDSLGGGYCGARLEPSLPHPHHQVLQPHLPRKVDTAAQTNSRLARPTRLSLGDPKASTLPRAREQQQQQQPLLHPPEPKSPGEYVNIEFGSDQSGYLSGPVAFHSSPSVRCPSQLQPAPREEETGTEEYMKMDLGPGRRAAWQESTGVEMGRLGPAPPGAASICRPTRAVPSSRGDYMTMQMSCPRQSYVDTSPAAPVSYADMRTGIAAEEVSLPRATMAAASSSSAASASPTGPQGAAELAAHSSLLGGPQGPGGMSAFTRVNLSPNRNQSAKVIRADPQGCRRRHSSETFSSTPSATRVGNTVPFGAGAAVGGGGGSSSSSEDVKRHSSASFENVWLRPGELGGAPKEPAKLCGAAGGLENGLNYIDLDLVKDFKQCPQECTPEPQPPPPPPPHQPLGSGESSSTRRSSEDLSAYASISFQKQPEDRQ*
chr2:231206183:A/T:1	chr2	231206183	A|T	1	ARMC9	NM_001352754	80210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr2:231206183:A/T:1	chr2	231206183	A|T	1	ARMC9	NM_001352757	80210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr2:231206183:A/T:1	chr2	231206183	A|T	1	ARMC9	NM_001352759	80210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr2:231206183:A/T:1	chr2	231206183	A|T	1	ARMC9	NM_025139	80210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr2:231206183:A/T:1	chr2	231206183	A|T	1	ARMC9	NR_148040	80210	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr2:231206183:A/T:1	chr2	231206183	A|T	1	ARMC9	NM_001291656	80210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr2:231206183:A/T:1	chr2	231206183	A|T	1	ARMC9	NM_001352758	80210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr2:231206183:A/T:1	chr2	231206183	A|T	1	ARMC9	NM_001271466	80210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr2:231206183:A/T:1	chr2	231206183	A|T	1	ARMC9	NM_001352756	80210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr2:231206183:A/T:1	chr2	231206183	A|T	1	ARMC9	NM_001352755	80210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr2:231256460:A/C:1	chr2	231256460	A|C	1	ARMC9	NM_001352757	80210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr2:231256460:A/C:1	chr2	231256460	A|C	1	ARMC9	NM_001352758	80210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr2:231256460:A/C:1	chr2	231256460	A|C	1	ARMC9	NM_001271466	80210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr2:231256460:A/C:1	chr2	231256460	A|C	1	ARMC9	NM_001291656	80210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr2:231256460:A/C:1	chr2	231256460	A|C	1	ARMC9	NM_001352754	80210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr2:231256460:A/C:1	chr2	231256460	A|C	1	ARMC9	NM_001352755	80210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr2:231256460:A/C:1	chr2	231256460	A|C	1	ARMC9	NM_001352756	80210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr2:231256460:A/C:1	chr2	231256460	A|C	1	ARMC9	NM_001352759	80210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr2:231256460:A/C:1	chr2	231256460	A|C	1	ARMC9	NM_025139	80210	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr2:231256460:A/C:1	chr2	231256460	A|C	1	ARMC9	NR_148040	80210	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr2:231713167:A/G:1	chr2	231713167	A|G	1	MIR1244-1	NR_036052	100302285	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:231713167:A/G:1	chr2	231713167	A|G	1	MIR1244-2	NR_036262	100422885	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:231713167:A/G:1	chr2	231713167	A|G	1	MIR1244-3	NR_036263	100422872	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:231713167:A/G:1	chr2	231713167	A|G	1	MIR1244-4	NR_128710	103504734	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:231713167:A/G:1	chr2	231713167	A|G	1	PTMA	NM_001099285	5757	3utr	834	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:231713167:A/G:1	chr2	231713167	A|G	1	PTMA	NM_002823	5757	3utr	831	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:232379271:A/T:1	chr2	232379271	A|T	1	ALPP	NM_001632	250	coding	317	265	89	I>L	nonsyn	None	MLGPCMLLLLLLLGLRLQLSLGIIPVEEENPDFWNREAAEALGAAKKLQPAQTAAKNLIIFLGDGMGVSTVTAARILKGQKKDKLGPEIPLAMDRFPYVALSKTYNVDKHVPDSGATATAYLCGVKGNFQTIGLSAAARFNQCNTTRGNEVISVMNRAKKAGKSVGVVTTTRVQHASPAGTYAHTVNRNWYSDADVPASARQEGCQDIATQLISNMDIDVILGGGRKYMFRMGTPDPEYPDDYSQGGTRLDGKNLVQEWLAKRQGARYVWNRTELMQASLDPSVTHLMGLFEPGDMKYEIHRDSTLDPSLMEMTEAALRLLSRNPRGFFLFVEGGRIDHGHHESRAYRALTETIMFDDAIERAGQLTSEEDTLSLVTADHSHVFSFGGYPLRGSSIFGLAPGKARDRKAYTVLLYGNGPGYVLKDGARPDVTESESGSPEYRQQSAVPLDEETHAGEDVAVFARGPQAHLVHGVQEQTFIAHVMAFAACLEPYTACDLAPPAGTTDAAHPGRSVVPALLPLLAGTLLLLETATAP*|MLGPCMLLLLLLLGLRLQLSLGIIPVEEENPDFWNREAAEALGAAKKLQPAQTAAKNLIIFLGDGMGVSTVTAARILKGQKKDKLGPELPLAMDRFPYVALSKTYNVDKHVPDSGATATAYLCGVKGNFQTIGLSAAARFNQCNTTRGNEVISVMNRAKKAGKSVGVVTTTRVQHASPAGTYAHTVNRNWYSDADVPASARQEGCQDIATQLISNMDIDVILGGGRKYMFRMGTPDPEYPDDYSQGGTRLDGKNLVQEWLAKRQGARYVWNRTELMQASLDPSVTHLMGLFEPGDMKYEIHRDSTLDPSLMEMTEAALRLLSRNPRGFFLFVEGGRIDHGHHESRAYRALTETIMFDDAIERAGQLTSEEDTLSLVTADHSHVFSFGGYPLRGSSIFGLAPGKARDRKAYTVLLYGNGPGYVLKDGARPDVTESESGSPEYRQQSAVPLDEETHAGEDVAVFARGPQAHLVHGVQEQTFIAHVMAFAACLEPYTACDLAPPAGTTDAAHPGRSVVPALLPLLAGTLLLLETATAP*
chr2:232771379:C/A:1	chr2	232771379	C|A	1	GIGYF2	NM_001103147	26058	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5033	None
chr2:232771379:C/A:1	chr2	232771379	C|A	1	GIGYF2	NM_001103146	26058	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9943	None
chr2:232771379:C/A:1	chr2	232771379	C|A	1	GIGYF2	NM_001103148	26058	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9943	None
chr2:232771379:C/A:1	chr2	232771379	C|A	1	GIGYF2	NM_015575	26058	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9943	None
chr2:232771379:C/A:1	chr2	232771379	C|A	1	GIGYF2	NR_103492	26058	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9943	None
chr2:232771379:C/A:1	chr2	232771379	C|A	1	KCNJ13	NM_001172417	3769	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	234	None
chr2:232771379:C/A:1	chr2	232771379	C|A	1	KCNJ13	NM_001172416	3769	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	1	None
chr2:232771379:C/A:1	chr2	232771379	C|A	1	KCNJ13	NM_002242	3769	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	1	None
chr2:233274667:A/T:1	chr2	233274667	A|T	1	ATG16L1	NM_017974	55054	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9	None
chr2:233274667:A/T:1	chr2	233274667	A|T	1	ATG16L1	NM_198890	55054	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9	None
chr2:233274667:A/T:1	chr2	233274667	A|T	1	SCARNA5	NR_003008	677775	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr2:233274667:A/T:1	chr2	233274667	A|T	1	ATG16L1	NM_001190266	55054	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9	None
chr2:233274667:A/T:1	chr2	233274667	A|T	1	ATG16L1	NM_001190267	55054	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9	None
chr2:233274667:A/T:1	chr2	233274667	A|T	1	ATG16L1	NM_030803	55054	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9	None
chr2:233274667:A/T:1	chr2	233274667	A|T	1	ATG16L1	NM_001363742	55054	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9	None
chr2:233945718:C/A:1	chr2	233945718	C|A	1	TRPM8	NM_024080	79054	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	138	None
chr2:234703325:G/T:1	chr2	234703325	G|T	1	LINC01173	NR_132376	106144537	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7577	None
chr2:239969825:G/A:1	chr2	239969825	G|A	1	NDUFA10	NR_136158	4705	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35385	None
chr2:239969825:G/A:1	chr2	239969825	G|A	1	NDUFA10	NM_004544	4705	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8639	None
chr2:239969825:G/A:1	chr2	239969825	G|A	1	NDUFA10	NR_136155	4705	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8639	None
chr2:239969825:G/A:1	chr2	239969825	G|A	1	NDUFA10	NR_136157	4705	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8639	None
chr2:239969825:G/A:1	chr2	239969825	G|A	1	NDUFA10	NM_001322020	4705	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8639	None
chr2:239969825:G/A:1	chr2	239969825	G|A	1	NDUFA10	NR_136156	4705	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8639	None
chr2:240869136:A/G:1	chr2	240869136	A|G	1	AGXT	NM_000030	189	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	34	None
chr20:271275:G/T:1	chr20	271275	G|T	1	C20orf96	NM_080571	140680	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8	None
chr20:271275:G/T:1	chr20	271275	G|T	1	C20orf96	NM_153269	140680	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8	None
chr20:1117130:G/T:1	chr20	1117130	G|T	1	PSMF1	NM_178578	9491	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1623	None
chr20:1117130:G/T:1	chr20	1117130	G|T	1	PSMF1	NM_001323407	9491	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3721	None
chr20:1117130:G/T:1	chr20	1117130	G|T	1	LOC105372493	NR_136535	105372493	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:1117130:G/T:1	chr20	1117130	G|T	1	PSMF1	NM_001323408	9491	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:1117130:G/T:1	chr20	1117130	G|T	1	PSMF1	NM_001323409	9491	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:1117130:G/T:1	chr20	1117130	G|T	1	PSMF1	NM_001323410	9491	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:1117130:G/T:1	chr20	1117130	G|T	1	PSMF1	NM_006814	9491	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:2975202:A/T:1	chr20	2975202	A|T	1	PTPRA	NM_002836	5786	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	13	None
chr20:2975202:A/T:1	chr20	2975202	A|T	1	PTPRA	NM_080840	5786	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10000	None
chr20:2975202:A/T:1	chr20	2975202	A|T	1	PTPRA	NM_080841	5786	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10000	None
chr20:2988197:T/A:1	chr20	2988197	T|A	1	PTPRA	NM_002836	5786	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	92	None
chr20:2988197:T/A:1	chr20	2988197	T|A	1	PTPRA	NM_080840	5786	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	92	None
chr20:2988197:T/A:1	chr20	2988197	T|A	1	PTPRA	NM_080841	5786	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	92	None
chr20:3758723:G/T:1	chr20	3758723	G|T	1	C20orf27	NM_001039140	54976	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr20:3758723:G/T:1	chr20	3758723	G|T	1	C20orf27	NM_001258429	54976	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr20:3758723:G/T:1	chr20	3758723	G|T	1	C20orf27	NM_001258430	54976	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr20:3758723:G/T:1	chr20	3758723	G|T	1	C20orf27	NR_047675	54976	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr20:4789794:G/A:1	chr20	4789794	G|A	1	RASSF2	NM_014737	9770	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	97	None
chr20:4789794:G/A:1	chr20	4789794	G|A	1	RASSF2	NM_170774	9770	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	97	None
chr20:6044809:C/T:1	chr20	6044809	C|T	1	LRRN4	NM_152611	164312	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	129	None
chr20:9437223:T/G:1	chr20	9437223	T|G	1	PLCB4	NM_000933	5332	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr20:9437223:T/G:1	chr20	9437223	T|G	1	PLCB4	NM_001172646	5332	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr20:9437223:T/G:1	chr20	9437223	T|G	1	PLCB4	NM_182797	5332	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr20:13918835:G/T:1	chr20	13918835	G|T	1	SEL1L2	NM_001271539	80343	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	186	None
chr20:13918835:G/T:1	chr20	13918835	G|T	1	SEL1L2	NM_001363752	80343	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	186	None
chr20:13918835:G/T:1	chr20	13918835	G|T	1	SEL1L2	NM_025229	80343	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	186	None
chr20:13918835:G/T:1	chr20	13918835	G|T	1	SEL1L2	NR_073207	80343	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	186	None
chr20:13918835:G/T:1	chr20	13918835	G|T	1	SEL1L2	NR_073206	80343	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	186	None
chr20:18041904:T/C:1	chr20	18041904	T|C	1	OVOL2	NM_001303461	58495	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr20:18041904:T/C:1	chr20	18041904	T|C	1	OVOL2	NM_021220	58495	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr20:18041904:T/C:1	chr20	18041904	T|C	1	OVOL2	NM_001303462	58495	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	181	None
chr20:29079028:G/A:1	chr20	29079028	G|A	1	FRG1DP	NR_132316	102723316	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:29079067:C/A:1	chr20	29079067	C|A	1	FRG1DP	NR_132316	102723316	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:29079080:C/T:1	chr20	29079080	C|T	1	FRG1DP	NR_132316	102723316	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:29088583:T/G:1	chr20	29088583	T|G	1	FRG1DP	NR_132316	102723316	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3011	None
chr20:29459784:C/A:1	chr20	29459784	C|A	1	LOC105379477	NR_134504	105379477	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:29459788:T/G:1	chr20	29459788	T|G	1	LOC105379477	NR_134504	105379477	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:29880769:T/C:1	chr20	29880769	T|C	1	MIR4477A	NR_039688	100616184	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:29880769:T/C:1	chr20	29880769	T|C	1	MIR4477B	NR_039689	100616194	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:29881274:T/A:1	chr20	29881274	T|A	1	MIR4477A	NR_039688	100616184	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:29881274:T/A:1	chr20	29881274	T|A	1	MIR4477B	NR_039689	100616194	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:29881349:T/A:1	chr20	29881349	T|A	1	MIR4477A	NR_039688	100616184	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:29881349:T/A:1	chr20	29881349	T|A	1	MIR4477B	NR_039689	100616194	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:30393806:A/G:1	chr20	30393806	A|G	1	FRG1BP	NR_003579	284802	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	151	None
chr20:30393806:A/G:1	chr20	30393806	A|G	1	FRG1BP	NR_145491	284802	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	151	None
chr20:30393853:C/G:1	chr20	30393853	C|G	1	FRG1BP	NR_003579	284802	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	198	None
chr20:30393853:C/G:1	chr20	30393853	C|G	1	FRG1BP	NR_145491	284802	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	198	None
chr20:31605444:G/T:1	chr20	31605444	G|T	1	MIR3193	NR_036161	100422904	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:31605444:G/T:1	chr20	31605444	G|T	1	ID1	NM_002165	3397	coding	156	57	19	L>L	syn	None	MKVASGSTATAAAGPSCALKAGKTASGAGEVVRCLSEQSVAISRCAGGAGARLPALLDEQQVNVLLYDMNGCYSRLKELVPTLPQNRKVSKVEILQHVIDYIRDLQLELNSESEVGTPGGRGLPVRAPLSTLNGEISALTAEAACVPADDRILCR*
chr20:31605444:G/T:1	chr20	31605444	G|T	1	ID1	NM_181353	3397	coding	162	57	19	L>L	syn	None	MKVASGSTATAAAGPSCALKAGKTASGAGEVVRCLSEQSVAISRCAGGAGARLPALLDEQQVNVLLYDMNGCYSRLKELVPTLPQNRKVSKVEILQHVIDYIRDLQLELNSESEVGTPGGRGLPVRAPLSTLNGEISALTAEVRSRSDH*
chr20:31996800:C/A:1	chr20	31996800	C|A	1	XKR7	NM_001011718	343702	coding	1108	1083	361	N>K	nonsyn	None	MAAKSDGAAASASPDPEGAAGGARGSAGGRGEAAAAAGPPGVVGAGGPGPRYELRDCCWVLCALLVFFSDGATDLWLAASYYLQNQHTYFSLTLLFVLLPSLVVQLLSFRWFVYDYSEPAGSPGPAVSTKDSVAGGAAISTKDSAGAFRTKEGSPEPGPQPAPSSASAYRRRCCRLCIWLLQTLVHLLQLGQVWRYLRALYLGLQSRWRGERLRRHFYWQMLFESADVSMLRLLETFLRSAPQLVLQLSLLVHRGGAPDLLPALSTSASLVSLAWTLASYQKVLRDSRDDKRPLSYKGAVAQVLWHLFSIAARGLAFALFASVYKLYFGIFIVAHWCVMTFWVIQGETDFCMSKWEEIIYNMVVGIIYIFCWFNVKEGRSRRRMTLYHCIVLLENAALTGFWYSSRNFSTDFYSLIMVCVVASSFALGIFFMCVYYCLLHPNGPMLGPQAPGCIFRKASEPCGPPADAITSPPRSLPRTTGAERDGASAGERAGTPTPPVFQVRPGLPPTPVARTLRTEGPVIRIDLPRKKYPAWDAHFIDRRLRKTILALEYSSPATPRLQYRSVGTSQELLEYETTV*|MAAKSDGAAASASPDPEGAAGGARGSAGGRGEAAAAAGPPGVVGAGGPGPRYELRDCCWVLCALLVFFSDGATDLWLAASYYLQNQHTYFSLTLLFVLLPSLVVQLLSFRWFVYDYSEPAGSPGPAVSTKDSVAGGAAISTKDSAGAFRTKEGSPEPGPQPAPSSASAYRRRCCRLCIWLLQTLVHLLQLGQVWRYLRALYLGLQSRWRGERLRRHFYWQMLFESADVSMLRLLETFLRSAPQLVLQLSLLVHRGGAPDLLPALSTSASLVSLAWTLASYQKVLRDSRDDKRPLSYKGAVAQVLWHLFSIAARGLAFALFASVYKLYFGIFIVAHWCVMTFWVIQGETDFCMSKWEEIIYKMVVGIIYIFCWFNVKEGRSRRRMTLYHCIVLLENAALTGFWYSSRNFSTDFYSLIMVCVVASSFALGIFFMCVYYCLLHPNGPMLGPQAPGCIFRKASEPCGPPADAITSPPRSLPRTTGAERDGASAGERAGTPTPPVFQVRPGLPPTPVARTLRTEGPVIRIDLPRKKYPAWDAHFIDRRLRKTILALEYSSPATPRLQYRSVGTSQELLEYETTV*
chr20:32098788:C/A:1	chr20	32098788	C|A	1	HCK	NM_001172129	3055	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	216	None
chr20:32098788:C/A:1	chr20	32098788	C|A	1	HCK	NM_001172130	3055	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	216	None
chr20:32098788:C/A:1	chr20	32098788	C|A	1	HCK	NM_001172131	3055	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	216	None
chr20:32098788:C/A:1	chr20	32098788	C|A	1	HCK	NM_001172132	3055	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	216	None
chr20:32098788:C/A:1	chr20	32098788	C|A	1	HCK	NM_001172133	3055	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	216	None
chr20:32098788:C/A:1	chr20	32098788	C|A	1	HCK	NM_002110	3055	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	216	None
chr20:33237991:G/A:1	chr20	33237991	G|A	1	BPIFA1	NM_001243193	51297	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	64	None
chr20:33237991:G/A:1	chr20	33237991	G|A	1	BPIFA1	NM_016583	51297	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	64	None
chr20:33237991:G/A:1	chr20	33237991	G|A	1	BPIFA1	NM_130852	51297	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	64	None
chr20:33758910:C/A:1	chr20	33758910	C|A	1	ZNF341	NM_001282933	84905	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104	None
chr20:33758910:C/A:1	chr20	33758910	C|A	1	ZNF341	NM_001282935	84905	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104	None
chr20:33758910:C/A:1	chr20	33758910	C|A	1	ZNF341	NM_032819	84905	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104	None
chr20:33758910:C/A:1	chr20	33758910	C|A	1	ZNF341	NR_104259	84905	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	104	None
chr20:34982635:C/T:1	chr20	34982635	C|T	1	MYH7B	NM_020884	57644	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr20:35286385:G/A:1	chr20	35286385	G|A	1	EIF6	NM_001267810	3692	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:35286385:G/A:1	chr20	35286385	G|A	1	EIF6	NM_181468	3692	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:35286385:G/A:1	chr20	35286385	G|A	1	EIF6	NR_052024	3692	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:35286385:G/A:1	chr20	35286385	G|A	1	EIF6	NM_002212	3692	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:35286385:G/A:1	chr20	35286385	G|A	1	EIF6	NM_181466	3692	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:35286385:G/A:1	chr20	35286385	G|A	1	EIF6	NR_052022	3692	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:35286385:G/A:1	chr20	35286385	G|A	1	EIF6	NR_052023	3692	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:35286385:G/A:1	chr20	35286385	G|A	1	FAM83C	NM_178468	128876	3utr	2515	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:35286385:G/A:1	chr20	35286385	G|A	1	FAM83C-AS1	NR_109815	140846	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr20:41345676:A/G:1	chr20	41345676	A|G	1	LPIN3	NM_001301860	64900	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	120	None
chr20:41345676:A/G:1	chr20	41345676	A|G	1	LPIN3	NM_022896	64900	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	120	None
chr20:41345676:A/G:1	chr20	41345676	A|G	1	LPIN3	NR_126051	64900	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	120	None
chr20:42145328:C/A:1	chr20	42145328	C|A	1	PTPRT	NM_007050	11122	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3326	None
chr20:42145328:C/A:1	chr20	42145328	C|A	1	PTPRT	NM_133170	11122	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3326	None
chr20:44054670:G/A:1	chr20	44054670	G|A	1	TOX2	NM_001098796	84969	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr20:44054670:G/A:1	chr20	44054670	G|A	1	TOX2	NM_001098797	84969	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr20:44054670:G/A:1	chr20	44054670	G|A	1	TOX2	NM_032883	84969	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr20:44054670:G/A:1	chr20	44054670	G|A	1	TOX2	NM_001098798	84969	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	144	None
chr20:46606931:C/T:1	chr20	46606931	C|T	1	SLC13A3	NM_001193339	64849	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3515	None
chr20:46606931:C/T:1	chr20	46606931	C|T	1	SLC13A3	NM_001011554	64849	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3515	None
chr20:46606931:C/T:1	chr20	46606931	C|T	1	SLC13A3	NM_001193340	64849	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3515	None
chr20:46606931:C/T:1	chr20	46606931	C|T	1	SLC13A3	NM_001193342	64849	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3515	None
chr20:46606931:C/T:1	chr20	46606931	C|T	1	SLC13A3	NM_022829	64849	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3515	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_001281771	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	154	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_001281772	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	154	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_001281777	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	154	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_001281778	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	154	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_001281781	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	154	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_001281782	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	154	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_001281784	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	154	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_183048	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	154	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_001281769	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_001281773	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_001281774	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_001281775	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_001281776	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_001281779	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_001281780	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_001281783	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_001363714	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_001363741	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_012408	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr20:47299026:T/A:1	chr20	47299026	T|A	1	ZMYND8	NM_183047	23613	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	79	None
chr20:50526505:C/A:1	chr20	50526505	C|A	1	PTPN1	NM_002827	5770	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15915	None
chr20:50526505:C/A:1	chr20	50526505	C|A	1	PTPN1	NM_001278618	5770	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15915	None
chr20:58584977:C/A:1	chr20	58584977	C|A	1	APCDD1L-DT	NR_034147	149773	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	33763	None
chr20:60006900:G/C:1	chr20	60006900	G|C	1	CDH26	NM_001348204	60437	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	113	None
chr20:60006900:G/C:1	chr20	60006900	G|C	1	CDH26	NM_021810	60437	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	113	None
chr20:60006900:G/C:1	chr20	60006900	G|C	1	CDH26	NM_177980	60437	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	113	None
chr20:60006900:G/C:1	chr20	60006900	G|C	1	CDH26	NR_145482	60437	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	113	None
chr20:62896722:T/C:1	chr20	62896722	T|C	1	DIDO1	NM_001193369	11083	coding	2175	1863	621	A>A	syn	None	MDDKGDPSNEEAPKAIKPTSKEFRKTWGFRRTTIAKREGAGDAEADPLEPPPPQQQLGLSLRRSGRQPKRTERVEQFLTIARRRGRRSMPVSLEDSGEPTSCPATDAETASEGSVESASETRSGPQSASTAVKERPASSEKVKGGDDHDDTSDSDSDGLTLKELQNRLRRKREQEPTERPLKGIQSRLRKKRREEGPAETVGSEASDTVEGVLPSKQEPENDQGVVSQAGKDDRESKLEGKAAQDIKDEEPGDLGRPKPECEGYDPNALYCICRQPHNNRFMICCDRCEEWFHGDCVGISEARGRLLERNGEDYICPNCTILQVQDETHSETADQQEAKWRPGDADGTDCTSIGTIEQKSSEDQGIKGRIEKAANPSGKKKLKIFQPVIEAPGASKCIGPGCCHVAQPDSVYCSNDCILKHAAATMKFLSSGKEQKPKPKEKMKMKPEKPSLPKCGAQAGIKISSVHKRPAPEKKETTVKKAVVVPARSEALGKEAACESSTPSWASDHNYNAVKPEKTAAPSPSLLYKSTKEDRRSEEKAAAMAASKKTAPPGSAVGKQPAPRNLVPKKSSFANVAAATPAIKKPPSGFKGTIPKRPWLSATPSSGASAARQAGPAPAAATAASKKFPGSAALVGAVRKPVVPSVPMASPAPGRLGAMSAAPSQPNSQIRQNIRRSLKEILWKRVNDSDDLIMTENEVGKIALHIEKEMFNLFQVTDNRYKSKYRSIMFNLKDPKNQGLFHRVLREEISLAKLVRLKPEELVSKELSTWKERPARSVMESRTKLHNESKKTAPRQEAIPDLEDSPPVSDSEEQQESARAVPEKSTAPLLDVFSSMLKDTTSQHRAHLFDLNCKICTGQVPSAEDEPAPKKQKLSASVKKEDLKSKHDSSAPDPAPDSADEVMPEAVPEVASEPGLESASHPNVDRTYFPGPPGDGHPEPSPLEDLSPCPASCGSGVVTTVTVSGRDPRTAPSSSCTAVASAASRPDSTHMVEARQDVPKPVLTSVMVPKSILAKPSSSPDPRYLSVPPSPNISTSESRSPPEGDTTLFLSRLSTIWKGFINMQSVAKFVTKAYPVSGCFDYLSEDLPDTIHIGGRIAPKTVWDYVGKLKSSVSKELCLIRFHPATEEEEVAYISLYSYFSSRGRFGVVANNNRHVKDLYLIPLSAQDPVPSKLLPFEGPGLESPRPNIILGLVICQKIKRPANSGELDKMDEKRTRLQPEEADVPAYPKVATVPQSEKKPSKYPLCSADAAVSTTPPGSPPPPPPLPEPPVLKVLSSLKPAAPSPATAATTAAAASTAASSTASSASKTASPLEHILQTLFGKKKSFDPSAREPPGSTAGLPQEPKTTAEDGVPAPPLLDPIVQQFGQFSKDKALEEEEDDRPYDPEEEYDPERAFDTQLVERGRRHEVERAPEAAAAEREEVAYDPEDETILEEAKVTVDDLPNRMCADVRRNSVERPAEPVAGAATPSLVEQQKMLEELNKQIEEQKRQLEEQEEALRQQRAAVGVSMAHFSVSDALMSPPPKSSLPKAELFQQEQQSADKPASLPPASQASNHRDPRQARRLATETGEGEGEPLSRLSARGAQGALPERDASRGGLVGQAPMPVPEEKEPASSPWASGEKPPAGSEQDGWKAEPGEGTRPATVGDSSARPARRVLLPTPPCGALQPGFPLQHDGERDPFTCPGFASQDKALGSAQYEDPRNLHSAGRSSSPAGETEGDREPQARPGEGTAPLPPPGQKVGGSQPPFQGQREPGPHALGMSGLHGPNFPGPRGPAPPFPEENIASNDGPRGPPPARFGAQKGPIPSLFSGQHGPPPYGDSRGPSPSYLGGPRGVAPSQFEERKDPHGEKREFQDAPYNEVTGAPAQFEGTEQAPFLGSRGGAPFQFGGQRRPLLSQLKGPRGGPPPSQFGGQRGPPPGHFVGPRGPHPSQFETARGPHPNQFEGPRGQAPNFMPGPRGIQPQQFEDQRVHSPPRFTNQRAPAPLQFGGLRGSAPFSEKNEQTPSRFHFQGQAPQVMKPGPRPLLELPSHPPQHRKDRWEEAGPPSALSSSAPGQGPEADGQWASADFREGKGHEYRNQTFEGRQRERFDVGPKEKPLEEPDAQGRASEDRRRERERGRNWSRERDWDRPREWDRHRDKDSSRDWDRNRERSANRDREREADRGKEWDRSRERSRNRERERDRRRDRDRSRSRERDRDKARDRERGRDRKDRSKSKESARDPKPEASRASDAGTASQA*
chr20:62896722:T/C:1	chr20	62896722	T|C	1	DIDO1	NM_001193370	11083	coding	2175	1863	621	A>A	syn	None	MDDKGDPSNEEAPKAIKPTSKEFRKTWGFRRTTIAKREGAGDAEADPLEPPPPQQQLGLSLRRSGRQPKRTERVEQFLTIARRRGRRSMPVSLEDSGEPTSCPATDAETASEGSVESASETRSGPQSASTAVKERPASSEKVKGGDDHDDTSDSDSDGLTLKELQNRLRRKREQEPTERPLKGIQSRLRKKRREEGPAETVGSEASDTVEGVLPSKQEPENDQGVVSQAGKDDRESKLEGKAAQDIKDEEPGDLGRPKPECEGYDPNALYCICRQPHNNRFMICCDRCEEWFHGDCVGISEARGRLLERNGEDYICPNCTILQVQDETHSETADQQEAKWRPGDADGTDCTSIGTIEQKSSEDQGIKGRIEKAANPSGKKKLKIFQPVIEAPGASKCIGPGCCHVAQPDSVYCSNDCILKHAAATMKFLSSGKEQKPKPKEKMKMKPEKPSLPKCGAQAGIKISSVHKRPAPEKKETTVKKAVVVPARSEALGKEAACESSTPSWASDHNYNAVKPEKTAAPSPSLLYKSTKEDRRSEEKAAAMAASKKTAPPGSAVGKQPAPRNLVPKKSSFANVAAATPAIKKPPSGFKGTIPKRPWLSATPSSGASAARQAGPAPAAATAASKKFPGSAALVGAVRKPVVPSVPMASPAPGRLGAMSAAPSQPNSQIRQNIRRSLKEILWKRVNDSDDLIMTENEVGKIALHIEKEMFNLFQVTDNRYKSKYRSIMFNLKDPKNQGLFHRVLREEISLAKLVRLKPEELVSKELSTWKERPARSVMESRTKLHNESKKTAPRQEAIPDLEDSPPVSDSEEQQESARAVPEKSTAPLLDVFSSMLKDTTSQHRAHLFDLNCKICTGQVPSAEDEPAPKKQKLSASVKKEDLKSKHDSSAPDPAPDSADEVMPEAVPEVASEPGLESASHPNVDRTYFPGPPGDGHPEPSPLEDLSPCPASCGSGVVTTVTVSGRDPRTAPSSSCTAVASAASRPDSTHMVEARQDVPKPVLTSVMVPKSILAKPSSSPDPRYLSVPPSPNISTSESRSPPEGDTTLFLSRLSTIWKGFINMQSVAKFVTKAYPVSGCFDYLSEDLPDTIHIGGRIAPKTVWDYVGKLKSSVSKELCLIRFHPATEEEEVAYISLYSYFSSRGRFGVVANNNRHVKDLYLIPLSAQDPVPSKLLPFEGPGKRRLSGWR*
chr20:62896722:T/C:1	chr20	62896722	T|C	1	DIDO1	NM_033081	11083	coding	2219	1863	621	A>A	syn	None	MDDKGDPSNEEAPKAIKPTSKEFRKTWGFRRTTIAKREGAGDAEADPLEPPPPQQQLGLSLRRSGRQPKRTERVEQFLTIARRRGRRSMPVSLEDSGEPTSCPATDAETASEGSVESASETRSGPQSASTAVKERPASSEKVKGGDDHDDTSDSDSDGLTLKELQNRLRRKREQEPTERPLKGIQSRLRKKRREEGPAETVGSEASDTVEGVLPSKQEPENDQGVVSQAGKDDRESKLEGKAAQDIKDEEPGDLGRPKPECEGYDPNALYCICRQPHNNRFMICCDRCEEWFHGDCVGISEARGRLLERNGEDYICPNCTILQVQDETHSETADQQEAKWRPGDADGTDCTSIGTIEQKSSEDQGIKGRIEKAANPSGKKKLKIFQPVIEAPGASKCIGPGCCHVAQPDSVYCSNDCILKHAAATMKFLSSGKEQKPKPKEKMKMKPEKPSLPKCGAQAGIKISSVHKRPAPEKKETTVKKAVVVPARSEALGKEAACESSTPSWASDHNYNAVKPEKTAAPSPSLLYKSTKEDRRSEEKAAAMAASKKTAPPGSAVGKQPAPRNLVPKKSSFANVAAATPAIKKPPSGFKGTIPKRPWLSATPSSGASAARQAGPAPAAATAASKKFPGSAALVGAVRKPVVPSVPMASPAPGRLGAMSAAPSQPNSQIRQNIRRSLKEILWKRVNDSDDLIMTENEVGKIALHIEKEMFNLFQVTDNRYKSKYRSIMFNLKDPKNQGLFHRVLREEISLAKLVRLKPEELVSKELSTWKERPARSVMESRTKLHNESKKTAPRQEAIPDLEDSPPVSDSEEQQESARAVPEKSTAPLLDVFSSMLKDTTSQHRAHLFDLNCKICTGQVPSAEDEPAPKKQKLSASVKKEDLKSKHDSSAPDPAPDSADEVMPEAVPEVASEPGLESASHPNVDRTYFPGPPGDGHPEPSPLEDLSPCPASCGSGVVTTVTVSGRDPRTAPSSSCTAVASAASRPDSTHMVEARQDVPKPVLTSVMVPKSILAKPSSSPDPRYLSVPPSPNISTSESRSPPEGDTTLFLSRLSTIWKGFINMQSVAKFVTKAYPVSGCFDYLSEDLPDTIHIGGRIAPKTVWDYVGKLKSSVSKELCLIRFHPATEEEEVAYISLYSYFSSRGRFGVVANNNRHVKDLYLIPLSAQDPVPSKLLPFEGPGLESPRPNIILGLVICQKIKRPANSGELDKMDEKRTRLQPEEADVPAYPKVATVPQSEKKPSKYPLCSADAAVSTTPPGSPPPPPPLPEPPVLKVLSSLKPAAPSPATAATTAAAASTAASSTASSASKTASPLEHILQTLFGKKKSFDPSAREPPGSTAGLPQEPKTTAEDGVPAPPLLDPIVQQFGQFSKDKALEEEEDDRPYDPEEEYDPERAFDTQLVERGRRHEVERAPEAAAAEREEVAYDPEDETILEEAKVTVDDLPNRMCADVRRNSVERPAEPVAGAATPSLVEQQKMLEELNKQIEEQKRQLEEQEEALRQQRAAVGVSMAHFSVSDALMSPPPKSSLPKAELFQQEQQSADKPASLPPASQASNHRDPRQARRLATETGEGEGEPLSRLSARGAQGALPERDASRGGLVGQAPMPVPEEKEPASSPWASGEKPPAGSEQDGWKAEPGEGTRPATVGDSSARPARRVLLPTPPCGALQPGFPLQHDGERDPFTCPGFASQDKALGSAQYEDPRNLHSAGRSSSPAGETEGDREPQARPGEGTAPLPPPGQKVGGSQPPFQGQREPGPHALGMSGLHGPNFPGPRGPAPPFPEENIASNDGPRGPPPARFGAQKGPIPSLFSGQHGPPPYGDSRGPSPSYLGGPRGVAPSQFEERKDPHGEKREFQDAPYNEVTGAPAQFEGTEQAPFLGSRGGAPFQFGGQRRPLLSQLKGPRGGPPPSQFGGQRGPPPGHFVGPRGPHPSQFETARGPHPNQFEGPRGQAPNFMPGPRGIQPQQFEDQRVHSPPRFTNQRAPAPLQFGGLRGSAPFSEKNEQTPSRFHFQGQAPQVMKPGPRPLLELPSHPPQHRKDRWEEAGPPSALSSSAPGQGPEADGQWASADFREGKGHEYRNQTFEGRQRERFDVGPKEKPLEEPDAQGRASEDRRRERERGRNWSRERDWDRPREWDRHRDKDSSRDWDRNRERSANRDREREADRGKEWDRSRERSRNRERERDRRRDRDRSRSRERDRDKARDRERGRDRKDRSKSKESARDPKPEASRASDAGTASQA*
chr20:62896722:T/C:1	chr20	62896722	T|C	1	DIDO1	NM_080797	11083	coding	2219	1863	621	A>A	syn	None	MDDKGDPSNEEAPKAIKPTSKEFRKTWGFRRTTIAKREGAGDAEADPLEPPPPQQQLGLSLRRSGRQPKRTERVEQFLTIARRRGRRSMPVSLEDSGEPTSCPATDAETASEGSVESASETRSGPQSASTAVKERPASSEKVKGGDDHDDTSDSDSDGLTLKELQNRLRRKREQEPTERPLKGIQSRLRKKRREEGPAETVGSEASDTVEGVLPSKQEPENDQGVVSQAGKDDRESKLEGKAAQDIKDEEPGDLGRPKPECEGYDPNALYCICRQPHNNRFMICCDRCEEWFHGDCVGISEARGRLLERNGEDYICPNCTILQVQDETHSETADQQEAKWRPGDADGTDCTSIGTIEQKSSEDQGIKGRIEKAANPSGKKKLKIFQPVIEAPGASKCIGPGCCHVAQPDSVYCSNDCILKHAAATMKFLSSGKEQKPKPKEKMKMKPEKPSLPKCGAQAGIKISSVHKRPAPEKKETTVKKAVVVPARSEALGKEAACESSTPSWASDHNYNAVKPEKTAAPSPSLLYKSTKEDRRSEEKAAAMAASKKTAPPGSAVGKQPAPRNLVPKKSSFANVAAATPAIKKPPSGFKGTIPKRPWLSATPSSGASAARQAGPAPAAATAASKKFPGSAALVGAVRKPVVPSVPMASPAPGRLGAMSAAPSQPNSQIRQNIRRSLKEILWKRVNDSDDLIMTENEVGKIALHIEKEMFNLFQVTDNRYKSKYRSIMFNLKDPKNQGLFHRVLREEISLAKLVRLKPEELVSKELSTWKERPARSVMESRTKLHNESKKTAPRQEAIPDLEDSPPVSDSEEQQESARAVPEKSTAPLLDVFSSMLKDTTSQHRAHLFDLNCKICTGQVPSAEDEPAPKKQKLSASVKKEDLKSKHDSSAPDPAPDSADEVMPEAVPEVASEPGLESASHPNVDRTYFPGPPGDGHPEPSPLEDLSPCPASCGSGVVTTVTVSGRDPRTAPSSSCTAVASAASRPDSTHMVEARQDVPKPVLTSVMVPKSILAKPSSSPDPRYLSVPPSPNISTSESRSPPEGDTTLFLSRLSTIWKGFINMQSVAKFVTKAYPVSGCFDYLSEDLPDTIHIGGRIAPKTVWDYVGKLKSSVSKELCLIRFHPATEEEEVAYISLYSYFSSRGRFGVVANNNRHVKDLYLIPLSAQDPVPSKLLPFEGPGKRRLSGWR*
chr20:63439613:G/A:1	chr20	63439613	G|A	1	KCNQ2	NM_004518	3785	coding	1126	912	304	F>F	syn	None	MVQKSRNGGVYPGPSGEKKLKVGFVGLDPGAPDSTRDGALLIAGSEAPKRGSILSKPRAGGAGAGKPPKRNAFYRKLQNFLYNVLERPRGWAFIYHAYVFLLVFSCLVLSVFSTIKEYEKSSEGALYILEIVTIVVFGVEYFVRIWAAGCCCRYRGWRGRLKFARKPFCVIDIMVLIASIAVLAAGSQGNVFATSALRSLRFLQILRMIRMDRRGGTWKLLGSVVYAHSKELVTAWYIGFLCLILASFLVYLAEKGENDHFDTYADALWWGLITLTTIGYGDKYPQTWNGRLLAATFTLIGVSFFALPAGILGSGFALKVQEQHRQKHFEKRRNPAAGLIQSAWRFYATNLSRTDLHSTWQYYERTVTVPMYRLIPPLNQLELLRNLKSKSGLAFRKDPPPEPSPSQKVSLKDRVFSSPRGVAAKGKGSPQAQTVRRSPSADQSLEDSPSKVPKSWSFGDRSRARQAFRIKGAASRQNSEEASLPGEDIVDDKSCPCEFVTEDLTPGLKVSIRAVCVMRFLVSKRKFKESLRPYDVMDVIEQYSAGHLDMLSRIKSLQSRVDQIVGRGPAITDKDRTKGPAEAELPEDPSMMGRLGKVEKQVLSMEKKLDFLVNIYMQRMGIPPTETEAYFGAKEPEPAPPYHSPEDSREHVDRHGCIVKIVRSSSSTGQKNFSAPPAAPPVQCPPSTSWQPQSHPRQGHGTSPVGDHGSLVRIPPPPAHERSLSAYGGGNRASMEFLRQEDTPGCRPPEGNLRDSDTSISIPSVDHEELERSFSGFSISQSKENLDALNSCYAAVAPCAKVRPYIAEGESDTDSDLCTPCGPPPRSATGEGPFGDVGWAGPRK*
chr20:63439613:G/A:1	chr20	63439613	G|A	1	KCNQ2	NM_172106	3785	coding	1126	912	304	F>F	syn	None	MVQKSRNGGVYPGPSGEKKLKVGFVGLDPGAPDSTRDGALLIAGSEAPKRGSILSKPRAGGAGAGKPPKRNAFYRKLQNFLYNVLERPRGWAFIYHAYVFLLVFSCLVLSVFSTIKEYEKSSEGALYILEIVTIVVFGVEYFVRIWAAGCCCRYRGWRGRLKFARKPFCVIDIMVLIASIAVLAAGSQGNVFATSALRSLRFLQILRMIRMDRRGGTWKLLGSVVYAHSKELVTAWYIGFLCLILASFLVYLAEKGENDHFDTYADALWWGLITLTTIGYGDKYPQTWNGRLLAATFTLIGVSFFALPAGILGSGFALKVQEQHRQKHFEKRRNPAAGLIQSAWRFYATNLSRTDLHSTWQYYERTVTVPMYSSQTQTYGASRLIPPLNQLELLRNLKSKSGLAFRKDPPPEPSPSQKVSLKDRVFSSPRGVAAKGKGSPQAQTVRRSPSADQSLEDSPSKVPKSWSFGDRSRARQAFRIKGAASRQNSEEASLPGEDIVDDKSCPCEFVTEDLTPGLKVSIRAVCVMRFLVSKRKFKESLRPYDVMDVIEQYSAGHLDMLSRIKSLQSRVDQIVGRGPAITDKDRTKGPAEAELPEDPSMMGRLGKVEKQVLSMEKKLDFLVNIYMQRMGIPPTETEAYFGAKEPEPAPPYHSPEDSREHVDRHGCIVKIVRSSSSTGQKNFSAPPAAPPVQCPPSTSWQPQSHPRQGHGTSPVGDHGSLVRIPPPPAHERSLSAYGGGNRASMEFLRQEDTPGCRPPEGNLRDSDTSISIPSVDHEELERSFSGFSISQSKENLDALNSCYAAVAPCAKVRPYIAEGESDTDSDLCTPCGPPPRSATGEGPFGDVGWAGPRK*
chr20:63439613:G/A:1	chr20	63439613	G|A	1	KCNQ2	NM_172107	3785	coding	1126	912	304	F>F	syn	None	MVQKSRNGGVYPGPSGEKKLKVGFVGLDPGAPDSTRDGALLIAGSEAPKRGSILSKPRAGGAGAGKPPKRNAFYRKLQNFLYNVLERPRGWAFIYHAYVFLLVFSCLVLSVFSTIKEYEKSSEGALYILEIVTIVVFGVEYFVRIWAAGCCCRYRGWRGRLKFARKPFCVIDIMVLIASIAVLAAGSQGNVFATSALRSLRFLQILRMIRMDRRGGTWKLLGSVVYAHSKELVTAWYIGFLCLILASFLVYLAEKGENDHFDTYADALWWGLITLTTIGYGDKYPQTWNGRLLAATFTLIGVSFFALPAGILGSGFALKVQEQHRQKHFEKRRNPAAGLIQSAWRFYATNLSRTDLHSTWQYYERTVTVPMYSSQTQTYGASRLIPPLNQLELLRNLKSKSGLAFRKDPPPEPSPSKGSPCRGPLCGCCPGRSSQKVSLKDRVFSSPRGVAAKGKGSPQAQTVRRSPSADQSLEDSPSKVPKSWSFGDRSRARQAFRIKGAASRQNSEEASLPGEDIVDDKSCPCEFVTEDLTPGLKVSIRAVCVMRFLVSKRKFKESLRPYDVMDVIEQYSAGHLDMLSRIKSLQSRVDQIVGRGPAITDKDRTKGPAEAELPEDPSMMGRLGKVEKQVLSMEKKLDFLVNIYMQRMGIPPTETEAYFGAKEPEPAPPYHSPEDSREHVDRHGCIVKIVRSSSSTGQKNFSAPPAAPPVQCPPSTSWQPQSHPRQGHGTSPVGDHGSLVRIPPPPAHERSLSAYGGGNRASMEFLRQEDTPGCRPPEGNLRDSDTSISIPSVDHEELERSFSGFSISQSKENLDALNSCYAAVAPCAKVRPYIAEGESDTDSDLCTPCGPPPRSATGEGPFGDVGWAGPRK*
chr20:63439613:G/A:1	chr20	63439613	G|A	1	KCNQ2	NM_172108	3785	coding	1126	912	304	F>F	syn	None	MVQKSRNGGVYPGPSGEKKLKVGFVGLDPGAPDSTRDGALLIAGSEAPKRGSILSKPRAGGAGAGKPPKRNAFYRKLQNFLYNVLERPRGWAFIYHAYVFLLVFSCLVLSVFSTIKEYEKSSEGALYILEIVTIVVFGVEYFVRIWAAGCCCRYRGWRGRLKFARKPFCVIDIMVLIASIAVLAAGSQGNVFATSALRSLRFLQILRMIRMDRRGGTWKLLGSVVYAHSKELVTAWYIGFLCLILASFLVYLAEKGENDHFDTYADALWWGLITLTTIGYGDKYPQTWNGRLLAATFTLIGVSFFALPAGILGSGFALKVQEQHRQKHFEKRRNPAAGLIQSAWRFYATNLSRTDLHSTWQYYERTVTVPMYSSQTQTYGASRLIPPLNQLELLRNLKSKSGLAFRKDPPPEPSPSPRGVAAKGKGSPQAQTVRRSPSADQSLEDSPSKVPKSWSFGDRSRARQAFRIKGAASRQNSEASLPGEDIVDDKSCPCEFVTEDLTPGLKVSIRAVCVMRFLVSKRKFKESLRPYDVMDVIEQYSAGHLDMLSRIKSLQSRVDQIVGRGPAITDKDRTKGPAEAELPEDPSMMGRLGKVEKQVLSMEKKLDFLVNIYMQRMGIPPTETEAYFGAKEPEPAPPYHSPEDSREHVDRHGCIVKIVRSSSSTGQKNFSAPPAAPPVQCPPSTSWQPQSHPRQGHGTSPVGDHGSLVRIPPPPAHERSLSAYGGGNRASMEFLRQEDTPGCRPPEGNLRDSDTSISIPSVDHEELERSFSGFSISQSKENLDALNSCYAAVAPCAKVRPYIAEGESDTDSDLCTPCGPPPRSATGEGPFGDVGWAGPRK*
chr20:63439613:G/A:1	chr20	63439613	G|A	1	KCNQ2	NM_172109	3785	coding	1126	912	304	F>F	syn	None	MVQKSRNGGVYPGPSGEKKLKVGFVGLDPGAPDSTRDGALLIAGSEAPKRGSILSKPRAGGAGAGKPPKRNAFYRKLQNFLYNVLERPRGWAFIYHAYVFLLVFSCLVLSVFSTIKEYEKSSEGALYILEIVTIVVFGVEYFVRIWAAGCCCRYRGWRGRLKFARKPFCVIDIMVLIASIAVLAAGSQGNVFATSALRSLRFLQILRMIRMDRRGGTWKLLGSVVYAHSKELVTAWYIGFLCLILASFLVYLAEKGENDHFDTYADALWWGLITLTTIGYGDKYPQTWNGRLLAATFTLIGVSFFALPAGILGSGFALKVQEQHRQKHFEKRRNPAAGLIQSAWRFYATNLSRTDLHSTWQYYERTVTVPMYRYRRRAPATKQLFHFLFSICS*
chr20:63667624:C/A:1	chr20	63667624	C|A	1	RTEL1	NM_001283009	51750	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr20:63667624:C/A:1	chr20	63667624	C|A	1	RTEL1	NM_001283010	51750	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr20:63667624:C/A:1	chr20	63667624	C|A	1	RTEL1	NM_016434	51750	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr20:63667624:C/A:1	chr20	63667624	C|A	1	RTEL1	NM_032957	51750	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr20:63667624:C/A:1	chr20	63667624	C|A	1	RTEL1-TNFRSF6B	NR_037882	100533107	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr20:64207982:G/T:1	chr20	64207982	G|T	1	MYT1	NM_004535	4661	coding	1172	786	262	E>D	nonsyn	None	MSLENEDKRARTRSKALRGPPETTAADLSCPTPGCTGSGHVRGKYSRHRSLQSCPLAKKRKLEGAEAEHLVSKRKSHPLKLALDEGYGVDSDGSEDTEVKDASVSDESEGTLEGAEAETSGQDEIHRPETAEGRSPVKSHFGSNPIGSATASSKGSYSSYQGIIATSLLNLGQIAEETLVEEDLGQAAKPGPGIVHLLQEAAEGAASEEGEKGLFIQPEDAEEVVEVTTERSQDLCPQSLEDAASEESSKQKGILSHEEEDEEEEEEEEEEEEDEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAPDVIFQEDTSHTSAQKAPELRGPESPSPKPEYSVIVEVRSDDDKDEDTHSRKSTVTDESEMQDMMTRGNLGLLEQAIALKAEQVRTVCEPGCPPAEQSQLGLGEPGKAAKPLDTVRKSYYSKDPSRAEKREIKCPTPGCDGTGHVTGLYPHHRSLSGCPHKDRIPPEILAMHENVLKCPTPGCTGQGHVNSNRNTHRSLSGCPIAAAEKLAKSHEKQQPQTGDPSKSSSNSDRILRPMCFVKQLEVPPYGSYRPNVAPATPRANLAKELEKFSKVTFDYASFDAQVFGKRMLAPKIQTSETSPKAFQCFDYSQDAEAAHMAATAILNLSTRCWEMPENLSTKPQDLPSKSVDIEVDENGTLDLSMHKHRKRENAFPSSSSCSSSPGVKSPDASQRHSSTSAPSSSMTSPQSSQASRQDEWDRPLDYTKPSRLREEEPEESEPAAHSFASSEADDQEVSEENFEERKYPGEVTLTNFKLKFLSKDIKKELLTCPTPGCDGSGHITGNYASHRSLSGCPLADKSLRNLMAAHSADLKCPTPGCDGSGHITGNYASHRSLSGCPRAKKSGVKVAPTKDDKEDPELMKCPVPGCVGLGHISGKYASHRSASGCPLAARRQKEGSLNGSSFSWKSLKNEGPTCPTPGCDGSGHANGSFLTHRSLSGCPRATFAGKKGKLSGDEVLSPKFKTSDVLENDEEIKQLNQEIRDLNESNSEMEAAMVQLQSQISSMEKNLKNIEEENKLIEEQNEALFLELSGLSQALIQSLANIRLPHMEPICEQNFDAYVSTLTDMYSNQDPENKDLLESIKQAVRGIQV*|MSLENEDKRARTRSKALRGPPETTAADLSCPTPGCTGSGHVRGKYSRHRSLQSCPLAKKRKLEGAEAEHLVSKRKSHPLKLALDEGYGVDSDGSEDTEVKDASVSDESEGTLEGAEAETSGQDEIHRPETAEGRSPVKSHFGSNPIGSATASSKGSYSSYQGIIATSLLNLGQIAEETLVEEDLGQAAKPGPGIVHLLQEAAEGAASEEGEKGLFIQPEDAEEVVEVTTERSQDLCPQSLEDAASEESSKQKGILSHEEEDDEEEEEEEEEEEDEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAPDVIFQEDTSHTSAQKAPELRGPESPSPKPEYSVIVEVRSDDDKDEDTHSRKSTVTDESEMQDMMTRGNLGLLEQAIALKAEQVRTVCEPGCPPAEQSQLGLGEPGKAAKPLDTVRKSYYSKDPSRAEKREIKCPTPGCDGTGHVTGLYPHHRSLSGCPHKDRIPPEILAMHENVLKCPTPGCTGQGHVNSNRNTHRSLSGCPIAAAEKLAKSHEKQQPQTGDPSKSSSNSDRILRPMCFVKQLEVPPYGSYRPNVAPATPRANLAKELEKFSKVTFDYASFDAQVFGKRMLAPKIQTSETSPKAFQCFDYSQDAEAAHMAATAILNLSTRCWEMPENLSTKPQDLPSKSVDIEVDENGTLDLSMHKHRKRENAFPSSSSCSSSPGVKSPDASQRHSSTSAPSSSMTSPQSSQASRQDEWDRPLDYTKPSRLREEEPEESEPAAHSFASSEADDQEVSEENFEERKYPGEVTLTNFKLKFLSKDIKKELLTCPTPGCDGSGHITGNYASHRSLSGCPLADKSLRNLMAAHSADLKCPTPGCDGSGHITGNYASHRSLSGCPRAKKSGVKVAPTKDDKEDPELMKCPVPGCVGLGHISGKYASHRSASGCPLAARRQKEGSLNGSSFSWKSLKNEGPTCPTPGCDGSGHANGSFLTHRSLSGCPRATFAGKKGKLSGDEVLSPKFKTSDVLENDEEIKQLNQEIRDLNESNSEMEAAMVQLQSQISSMEKNLKNIEEENKLIEEQNEALFLELSGLSQALIQSLANIRLPHMEPICEQNFDAYVSTLTDMYSNQDPENKDLLESIKQAVRGIQV*
chr21:10440009:C/A:1	chr21	10440009	C|A	1	BAGE3	NM_182481	85318	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14125	None
chr21:10440009:C/A:1	chr21	10440009	C|A	1	BAGE2	NM_182482	85319	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14125	None
chr21:10440009:C/A:1	chr21	10440009	C|A	1	BAGE4	NM_181704	85317	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14124	None
chr21:10440009:C/A:1	chr21	10440009	C|A	1	BAGE	NM_001187	574	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	12631	None
chr21:10458864:G/T:1	chr21	10458864	G|T	1	BAGE4	NM_181704	85317	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3972	None
chr21:10458864:G/T:1	chr21	10458864	G|T	1	BAGE3	NM_182481	85318	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3972	None
chr21:10458864:G/T:1	chr21	10458864	G|T	1	BAGE2	NM_182482	85319	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3972	None
chr21:10460459:G/A:1	chr21	10460459	G|A	1	BAGE4	NM_181704	85317	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2377	None
chr21:10460459:G/A:1	chr21	10460459	G|A	1	BAGE3	NM_182481	85318	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2377	None
chr21:10460459:G/A:1	chr21	10460459	G|A	1	BAGE2	NM_182482	85319	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2377	None
chr21:10460951:G/A:1	chr21	10460951	G|A	1	BAGE4	NM_181704	85317	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1885	None
chr21:10460951:G/A:1	chr21	10460951	G|A	1	BAGE3	NM_182481	85318	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1885	None
chr21:10460951:G/A:1	chr21	10460951	G|A	1	BAGE2	NM_182482	85319	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1885	None
chr21:10464138:G/A:1	chr21	10464138	G|A	1	BAGE4	NM_181704	85317	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	724	None
chr21:10464138:G/A:1	chr21	10464138	G|A	1	BAGE3	NM_182481	85318	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	724	None
chr21:10464138:G/A:1	chr21	10464138	G|A	1	BAGE2	NM_182482	85319	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	724	None
chr21:10471847:A/C:1	chr21	10471847	A|C	1	BAGE4	NM_181704	85317	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1181	None
chr21:10471847:A/C:1	chr21	10471847	A|C	1	BAGE3	NM_182481	85318	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1181	None
chr21:10471847:A/C:1	chr21	10471847	A|C	1	BAGE2	NM_182482	85319	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1181	None
chr21:10474416:A/C:1	chr21	10474416	A|C	1	BAGE3	NM_182481	85318	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	687	None
chr21:10474416:A/C:1	chr21	10474416	A|C	1	BAGE2	NM_182482	85319	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	687	None
chr21:10474416:A/C:1	chr21	10474416	A|C	1	BAGE4	NM_181704	85317	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	687	None
chr21:14373552:G/T:1	chr21	14373552	G|T	1	HSPA13	NM_006948	6782	3utr	1508	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr21:18260176:G/T:1	chr21	18260176	G|T	1	CHODL	NM_001204174	140578	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24	None
chr21:18260176:G/T:1	chr21	18260176	G|T	1	CHODL	NM_001204175	140578	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24	None
chr21:18260176:G/T:1	chr21	18260176	G|T	1	CHODL	NM_001204176	140578	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24	None
chr21:18260176:G/T:1	chr21	18260176	G|T	1	CHODL	NM_001204177	140578	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24	None
chr21:18260176:G/T:1	chr21	18260176	G|T	1	CHODL	NM_001204178	140578	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24	None
chr21:18260176:G/T:1	chr21	18260176	G|T	1	CHODL	NM_024944	140578	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24	None
chr21:26843749:G/A:1	chr21	26843749	G|A	1	ADAMTS1	NM_006988	9510	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	476	None
chr21:31135807:A/G:1	chr21	31135807	A|G	1	TIAM1	NM_001353684	7074	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr21:31135807:A/G:1	chr21	31135807	A|G	1	TIAM1	NM_001353685	7074	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr21:31135807:A/G:1	chr21	31135807	A|G	1	TIAM1	NM_001353686	7074	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr21:31135807:A/G:1	chr21	31135807	A|G	1	TIAM1	NM_001353687	7074	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr21:31135807:A/G:1	chr21	31135807	A|G	1	TIAM1	NM_001353688	7074	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr21:31135807:A/G:1	chr21	31135807	A|G	1	TIAM1	NM_001353689	7074	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr21:31135807:A/G:1	chr21	31135807	A|G	1	TIAM1	NM_001353690	7074	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr21:31135807:A/G:1	chr21	31135807	A|G	1	TIAM1	NM_001353691	7074	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr21:31135807:A/G:1	chr21	31135807	A|G	1	TIAM1	NM_001353692	7074	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr21:31135807:A/G:1	chr21	31135807	A|G	1	TIAM1	NM_001353693	7074	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr21:31135807:A/G:1	chr21	31135807	A|G	1	TIAM1	NM_001353694	7074	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr21:31135807:A/G:1	chr21	31135807	A|G	1	TIAM1	NM_003253	7074	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	126	None
chr21:33631676:A/G:1	chr21	33631676	A|G	1	CRYZL1	NM_145858	9946	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	119	None
chr21:37714489:C/T:1	chr21	37714489	C|T	1	KCNJ6	NM_002240	3763	coding	1269	668	223	R>Q	nonsyn	None	MAKLTESMTNVLEGDSMDQDVESPVAIHQPKLPKQARDDLPRHISRDRTKRKIQRYVRKDGKCNVHHGNVRETYRYLTDIFTTLVDLKWRFNLLIFVMVYTVTWLFFGMIWWLIAYIRGDMDHIEDPSWTPCVTNLNGFVSAFLFSIETETTIGYGYRVITDKCPEGIILLLIQSVLGSIVNAFMVGCMFVKISQPKKRAETLVFSTHAVISMRDGKLCLMFRVGDLRNSHIVEASIRAKLIKSKQTSEGEFIPLNQTDINVGYYTGDDRLFLVSPLIISHEINQQSPFWEISKAQLPKEELEIVVILEGMVEATGMTCQARSSYITSEILWGYRFTPVLTLEDGFYEVDYNSFHETYETSTPSLSAKELAELASRAELPLSWSVSSKLNQHAELETEEEEKNLEEQTERNGDVANLENESKV*|MAKLTESMTNVLEGDSMDQDVESPVAIHQPKLPKQARDDLPRHISRDRTKRKIQRYVRKDGKCNVHHGNVRETYRYLTDIFTTLVDLKWRFNLLIFVMVYTVTWLFFGMIWWLIAYIRGDMDHIEDPSWTPCVTNLNGFVSAFLFSIETETTIGYGYRVITDKCPEGIILLLIQSVLGSIVNAFMVGCMFVKISQPKKRAETLVFSTHAVISMRDGKLCLMFQVGDLRNSHIVEASIRAKLIKSKQTSEGEFIPLNQTDINVGYYTGDDRLFLVSPLIISHEINQQSPFWEISKAQLPKEELEIVVILEGMVEATGMTCQARSSYITSEILWGYRFTPVLTLEDGFYEVDYNSFHETYETSTPSLSAKELAELASRAELPLSWSVSSKLNQHAELETEEEEKNLEEQTERNGDVANLENESKV*
chr21:39664662:C/T:1	chr21	39664662	C|T	1	B3GALT5	NM_033170	10317	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr21:39664662:C/T:1	chr21	39664662	C|T	1	B3GALT5	NM_033171	10317	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr21:39664662:C/T:1	chr21	39664662	C|T	1	B3GALT5	NM_033172	10317	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr21:39664662:C/T:1	chr21	39664662	C|T	1	B3GALT5	NM_001278650	10317	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr21:39664662:C/T:1	chr21	39664662	C|T	1	B3GALT5	NM_001356336	10317	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr21:39664662:C/T:1	chr21	39664662	C|T	1	B3GALT5	NM_001356338	10317	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr21:39664662:C/T:1	chr21	39664662	C|T	1	B3GALT5	NM_001356339	10317	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr21:39664662:C/T:1	chr21	39664662	C|T	1	B3GALT5	NM_006057	10317	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr21:41179318:A/G:1	chr21	41179318	A|G	1	BACE2	NM_012105	25825	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10743	None
chr21:41179318:A/G:1	chr21	41179318	A|G	1	BACE2	NM_138991	25825	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10743	None
chr21:41179318:A/G:1	chr21	41179318	A|G	1	BACE2	NM_138992	25825	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10743	None
chr21:41179318:A/G:1	chr21	41179318	A|G	1	PLAC4	NR_148920	191585	non-coding	5922	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr21:41246004:C/A:1	chr21	41246004	C|A	1	BACE2	NM_012105	25825	coding	1029	925	309	L>M	nonsyn	None	MGALARALLLPLLAQWLLRAAPELAPAPFTLPLRVAAATNRVVAPTPGPGTPAERHADGLALALEPALASPAGAANFLAMVDNLQGDSGRGYYLEMLIGTPPQKLQILVDTGSSNFAVAGTPHSYIDTYFDTERSSTYRSKGFDVTVKYTQGSWTGFVGEDLVTIPKGFNTSFLVNIATIFESENFFLPGIKWNGILGLAYATLAKPSSSLETFFDSLVTQANIPNVFSMQMCGAGLPVAGSGTNGGSLVLGGIEPSLYKGDIWYTPIKEEWYYQIEILKLEIGGQSLNLDCREYNADKAIVDSGTTLLRLPQKVFDAVVEAVARASLIPEFSDGFWTGSQLACWTNSETPWSYFPKISIYLRDENSSRSFRITILPQLYIQPMMGAGLNYECYRFGISPSTNALVIGATVMEGFYVIFDRAQKRVGFAASPCAEIAGAAVSEISGPFSTEDVASNCVPAQSLSEPILWIVSYALMSVCGAILLVLIVLLLLPFRCQRRPRDPEVVNDESSLVRHRWK*|MGALARALLLPLLAQWLLRAAPELAPAPFTLPLRVAAATNRVVAPTPGPGTPAERHADGLALALEPALASPAGAANFLAMVDNLQGDSGRGYYLEMLIGTPPQKLQILVDTGSSNFAVAGTPHSYIDTYFDTERSSTYRSKGFDVTVKYTQGSWTGFVGEDLVTIPKGFNTSFLVNIATIFESENFFLPGIKWNGILGLAYATLAKPSSSLETFFDSLVTQANIPNVFSMQMCGAGLPVAGSGTNGGSLVLGGIEPSLYKGDIWYTPIKEEWYYQIEILKLEIGGQSLNLDCREYNADKAIVDSGTTLMRLPQKVFDAVVEAVARASLIPEFSDGFWTGSQLACWTNSETPWSYFPKISIYLRDENSSRSFRITILPQLYIQPMMGAGLNYECYRFGISPSTNALVIGATVMEGFYVIFDRAQKRVGFAASPCAEIAGAAVSEISGPFSTEDVASNCVPAQSLSEPILWIVSYALMSVCGAILLVLIVLLLLPFRCQRRPRDPEVVNDESSLVRHRWK*
chr21:41246004:C/A:1	chr21	41246004	C|A	1	BACE2	NM_138991	25825	coding	1388	925	309	L>M	nonsyn	None	MGALARALLLPLLAQWLLRAAPELAPAPFTLPLRVAAATNRVVAPTPGPGTPAERHADGLALALEPALASPAGAANFLAMVDNLQGDSGRGYYLEMLIGTPPQKLQILVDTGSSNFAVAGTPHSYIDTYFDTERSSTYRSKGFDVTVKYTQGSWTGFVGEDLVTIPKGFNTSFLVNIATIFESENFFLPGIKWNGILGLAYATLAKPSSSLETFFDSLVTQANIPNVFSMQMCGAGLPVAGSGTNGGSLVLGGIEPSLYKGDIWYTPIKEEWYYQIEILKLEIGGQSLNLDCREYNADKAIVDSGTTLLRLPQKVFDAVVEAVARASLLYIQPMMGAGLNYECYRFGISPSTNALVIGATVMEGFYVIFDRAQKRVGFAASPCAEIAGAAVSEISGPFSTEDVASNCVPAQSLSEPILWIVSYALMSVCGAILLVLIVLLLLPFRCQRRPRDPEVVNDESSLVRHRWK*|MGALARALLLPLLAQWLLRAAPELAPAPFTLPLRVAAATNRVVAPTPGPGTPAERHADGLALALEPALASPAGAANFLAMVDNLQGDSGRGYYLEMLIGTPPQKLQILVDTGSSNFAVAGTPHSYIDTYFDTERSSTYRSKGFDVTVKYTQGSWTGFVGEDLVTIPKGFNTSFLVNIATIFESENFFLPGIKWNGILGLAYATLAKPSSSLETFFDSLVTQANIPNVFSMQMCGAGLPVAGSGTNGGSLVLGGIEPSLYKGDIWYTPIKEEWYYQIEILKLEIGGQSLNLDCREYNADKAIVDSGTTLMRLPQKVFDAVVEAVARASLLYIQPMMGAGLNYECYRFGISPSTNALVIGATVMEGFYVIFDRAQKRVGFAASPCAEIAGAAVSEISGPFSTEDVASNCVPAQSLSEPILWIVSYALMSVCGAILLVLIVLLLLPFRCQRRPRDPEVVNDESSLVRHRWK*
chr21:41246004:C/A:1	chr21	41246004	C|A	1	BACE2	NM_138992	25825	coding	1388	925	309	L>M	nonsyn	None	MGALARALLLPLLAQWLLRAAPELAPAPFTLPLRVAAATNRVVAPTPGPGTPAERHADGLALALEPALASPAGAANFLAMVDNLQGDSGRGYYLEMLIGTPPQKLQILVDTGSSNFAVAGTPHSYIDTYFDTERSSTYRSKGFDVTVKYTQGSWTGFVGEDLVTIPKGFNTSFLVNIATIFESENFFLPGIKWNGILGLAYATLAKPSSSLETFFDSLVTQANIPNVFSMQMCGAGLPVAGSGTNGGSLVLGGIEPSLYKGDIWYTPIKEEWYYQIEILKLEIGGQSLNLDCREYNADKAIVDSGTTLLRLPQKVFDAVVEAVARASLIPEFSDGFWTGSQLACWTNSETPWSYFPKISIYLRDENSSRSFRITILPQKLQVLQCLKFPGLSQQRM*|MGALARALLLPLLAQWLLRAAPELAPAPFTLPLRVAAATNRVVAPTPGPGTPAERHADGLALALEPALASPAGAANFLAMVDNLQGDSGRGYYLEMLIGTPPQKLQILVDTGSSNFAVAGTPHSYIDTYFDTERSSTYRSKGFDVTVKYTQGSWTGFVGEDLVTIPKGFNTSFLVNIATIFESENFFLPGIKWNGILGLAYATLAKPSSSLETFFDSLVTQANIPNVFSMQMCGAGLPVAGSGTNGGSLVLGGIEPSLYKGDIWYTPIKEEWYYQIEILKLEIGGQSLNLDCREYNADKAIVDSGTTLMRLPQKVFDAVVEAVARASLIPEFSDGFWTGSQLACWTNSETPWSYFPKISIYLRDENSSRSFRITILPQKLQVLQCLKFPGLSQQRM*
chr21:41746643:C/A:1	chr21	41746643	C|A	1	MIR6814	NR_106872	102465488	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr21:41746643:C/A:1	chr21	41746643	C|A	1	RIPK4	NM_020639	54101	coding	813	802	268	G>W	nonsyn	None	MEGDGGTPWALALLRTFDAGEFTGWEKVGSGGFGQVYKVRHVHWKTWLAIKCSPSLHVDDRERMELLEEAKKMEMAKFRYILPVYGICREPVGLVMEYMETGSLEKLLASEPLPWDLRFRIIHETAVGMNFLHCMAPPLLHLDLKPANILLDAHYHVKISDFGLAKCNGLSHSHDLSMDGLFGTIAYLPPERIREKSRLFDTKHDVYSFAIVIWGVLTQKKPFADEKNILHIMVKVVKGHRPELPPVCRARPRACSHLIRLMQRCWQGDPRVRPTFQEITSETEDLCEKPDDEVKETAHDLDVKSPPEPRSEVVPARLKRASAPTFDNDYSLSELLSQLDSGVSQAVEGPEELSRSSSESKLPSSGSGKRLSGVSSVDSAFSSRGSLSLSFEREPSTSDLGTTDVQKKKLVDAIVSGDTSKLMKILQPQDVDLALDSGASLLHLAVEAGQEECAKWLLLNNANPNLSNRRGSTPLHMAVERRVRGVVELLLARKISVNAKDEDQWTALHFAAQNGDESSTRLLLEKNASVNEVDFEGRTPMHVACQHGQENIVRILLRRGVDVSLQGKDAWLPLHYAAWQGHLPIVKLLAKQPGVSVNAQTLDGRTPLHLAAQRGHYRVARILIDLCSDVNVCSLLAQTPLHVAAETGHTSTARLLLHRGAGKEAMTSDGYTALHLAARNGHLATVKLLVEEKADVLARGPLNQTALHLAAAHGHSEVVEELVSADVIDLFDEQGLSALHLAAQGRHAQTVETLLRHGAHINLQSLKFQGGHGPAATLLRRSKT*|MEGDGGTPWALALLRTFDAGEFTGWEKVGSGGFGQVYKVRHVHWKTWLAIKCSPSLHVDDRERMELLEEAKKMEMAKFRYILPVYGICREPVGLVMEYMETGSLEKLLASEPLPWDLRFRIIHETAVGMNFLHCMAPPLLHLDLKPANILLDAHYHVKISDFGLAKCNGLSHSHDLSMDGLFGTIAYLPPERIREKSRLFDTKHDVYSFAIVIWGVLTQKKPFADEKNILHIMVKVVKGHRPELPPVCRARPRACSHLIRLMQRCWQWDPRVRPTFQEITSETEDLCEKPDDEVKETAHDLDVKSPPEPRSEVVPARLKRASAPTFDNDYSLSELLSQLDSGVSQAVEGPEELSRSSSESKLPSSGSGKRLSGVSSVDSAFSSRGSLSLSFEREPSTSDLGTTDVQKKKLVDAIVSGDTSKLMKILQPQDVDLALDSGASLLHLAVEAGQEECAKWLLLNNANPNLSNRRGSTPLHMAVERRVRGVVELLLARKISVNAKDEDQWTALHFAAQNGDESSTRLLLEKNASVNEVDFEGRTPMHVACQHGQENIVRILLRRGVDVSLQGKDAWLPLHYAAWQGHLPIVKLLAKQPGVSVNAQTLDGRTPLHLAAQRGHYRVARILIDLCSDVNVCSLLAQTPLHVAAETGHTSTARLLLHRGAGKEAMTSDGYTALHLAARNGHLATVKLLVEEKADVLARGPLNQTALHLAAAHGHSEVVEELVSADVIDLFDEQGLSALHLAAQGRHAQTVETLLRHGAHINLQSLKFQGGHGPAATLLRRSKT*
chr21:42291695:T/G:1	chr21	42291695	T|G	1	ABCG1	NM_004915	9619	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr21:42291695:T/G:1	chr21	42291695	T|G	1	ABCG1	NM_016818	9619	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr21:42291695:T/G:1	chr21	42291695	T|G	1	ABCG1	NM_207174	9619	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr21:42291695:T/G:1	chr21	42291695	T|G	1	ABCG1	NM_207627	9619	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr21:42291695:T/G:1	chr21	42291695	T|G	1	ABCG1	NM_207628	9619	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr21:42291695:T/G:1	chr21	42291695	T|G	1	ABCG1	NM_207629	9619	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr21:42438358:G/T:1	chr21	42438358	G|T	1	UBASH3A	NM_001001895	53347	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	778	None
chr21:42438358:G/T:1	chr21	42438358	G|T	1	UBASH3A	NM_001243467	53347	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	778	None
chr21:42438358:G/T:1	chr21	42438358	G|T	1	UBASH3A	NM_018961	53347	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	778	None
chr21:42859689:C/A:1	chr21	42859689	C|A	1	WDR4	NM_001260474	10785	coding	688	600	200	Q>H	nonsyn	None	MAGSVGLALCGQTLVVRGGSRFLATSIASSDDDSLFIYDCSAAEKKSQENKGEDAPLDQGSGAILASTFSKSGSYFALTDDSKRLILFRTKPWQCLSVRTVARRCTALTFIASEEKVLVADKSGDVYSFSVLEPHGCGRLELGHLSMLLDVAVSPDDRFILTADRDEKIRVSWAAAPHSIESFCLGHTEFVSRISVVPTQPGLLLSSSGDGTLRLWEYRSGRQLHCCHLASLQELVDPQAPQFAASRIAFWCQENCVALLCDGTPVVYIFQLDARRQQLVYRQQLAFQHQVWDVAFEETQGLWVLQDCQEAPLVLYRPVGDQWQSVPESTVLKKVSGVLRGNWAMLEGSAGADASFSSLYKATFDNVTSYLKKKEERLQQQLEKKQRRRSPPPGPDGHAKKMRPGEATLSC*|MAGSVGLALCGQTLVVRGGSRFLATSIASSDDDSLFIYDCSAAEKKSQENKGEDAPLDQGSGAILASTFSKSGSYFALTDDSKRLILFRTKPWQCLSVRTVARRCTALTFIASEEKVLVADKSGDVYSFSVLEPHGCGRLELGHLSMLLDVAVSPDDRFILTADRDEKIRVSWAAAPHSIESFCLGHTEFVSRISVVPTHPGLLLSSSGDGTLRLWEYRSGRQLHCCHLASLQELVDPQAPQFAASRIAFWCQENCVALLCDGTPVVYIFQLDARRQQLVYRQQLAFQHQVWDVAFEETQGLWVLQDCQEAPLVLYRPVGDQWQSVPESTVLKKVSGVLRGNWAMLEGSAGADASFSSLYKATFDNVTSYLKKKEERLQQQLEKKQRRRSPPPGPDGHAKKMRPGEATLSC*
chr21:42859689:C/A:1	chr21	42859689	C|A	1	WDR4	NM_001260475	10785	coding	636	162	54	Q>H	nonsyn	None	MLLDVAVSPDDRFILTADRDEKIRVSWAAAPHSIESFCLGHTEFVSRISVVPTQPGLLLSSSGDGTLRLWEYRSGRQLHCCHLASLQELVDPQAPQKFAASRIAFWCQENCVALLCDGTPVVYIFQLDARRQQLVYRQQLAFQHQVWDVAFEETQGLWVLQDCQEAPLVLYRPVGDQWQSVPESTVLKKVSGVLRGNWAMLEGSAGADASFSSLYKATFDNVTSYLKKKEERLQQQLEKKQRRRSPPPGPDGHAKKMRPGEATLSC*|MLLDVAVSPDDRFILTADRDEKIRVSWAAAPHSIESFCLGHTEFVSRISVVPTHPGLLLSSSGDGTLRLWEYRSGRQLHCCHLASLQELVDPQAPQKFAASRIAFWCQENCVALLCDGTPVVYIFQLDARRQQLVYRQQLAFQHQVWDVAFEETQGLWVLQDCQEAPLVLYRPVGDQWQSVPESTVLKKVSGVLRGNWAMLEGSAGADASFSSLYKATFDNVTSYLKKKEERLQQQLEKKQRRRSPPPGPDGHAKKMRPGEATLSC*
chr21:42859689:C/A:1	chr21	42859689	C|A	1	WDR4	NM_001260476	10785	coding	536	162	54	Q>H	nonsyn	None	MLLDVAVSPDDRFILTADRDEKIRVSWAAAPHSIESFCLGHTEFVSRISVVPTQPGLLLSSSGDGTLRLWEYRSGRQLHCCHLASLQELVDPQAPQKFAASRIAFWCQENCVALLCDGTPVVYIFQLDARRQQLVYRQQLAFQHQVWDVAFEETQGLWVLQDCQEAPLVLYRPVGDQWQSVPESTVLKKVSGVLRGNWAMLEGSAGADASFSSLYKATFDNVTSYLKKKEERLQQQLEKKQRRRSPPPGPDGHAKKMRPGEATLSC*|MLLDVAVSPDDRFILTADRDEKIRVSWAAAPHSIESFCLGHTEFVSRISVVPTHPGLLLSSSGDGTLRLWEYRSGRQLHCCHLASLQELVDPQAPQKFAASRIAFWCQENCVALLCDGTPVVYIFQLDARRQQLVYRQQLAFQHQVWDVAFEETQGLWVLQDCQEAPLVLYRPVGDQWQSVPESTVLKKVSGVLRGNWAMLEGSAGADASFSSLYKATFDNVTSYLKKKEERLQQQLEKKQRRRSPPPGPDGHAKKMRPGEATLSC*
chr21:42859689:C/A:1	chr21	42859689	C|A	1	WDR4	NM_001260477	10785	coding	743	162	54	Q>H	nonsyn	None	MLLDVAVSPDDRFILTADRDEKIRVSWAAAPHSIESFCLGHTEFVSRISVVPTQPGLLLSSSGDGTLRLWEYRSGRQLHCCHLASLQELVDPQAPQKFAASRIAFWCQENCVALLCDGTPVVYIFQLDARRQQLVYRQQLAFQHQVWDVAFEETQGLWVLQDCQEAPLVLYRPVGDQWQSVPESTVLKKVSGVLRGNWAMLEGSAGADASFSSLYKATFDNVTSYLKKKEERLQQQLEKKQRRRSPPPGPDGHAKKMRPGEATLSC*|MLLDVAVSPDDRFILTADRDEKIRVSWAAAPHSIESFCLGHTEFVSRISVVPTHPGLLLSSSGDGTLRLWEYRSGRQLHCCHLASLQELVDPQAPQKFAASRIAFWCQENCVALLCDGTPVVYIFQLDARRQQLVYRQQLAFQHQVWDVAFEETQGLWVLQDCQEAPLVLYRPVGDQWQSVPESTVLKKVSGVLRGNWAMLEGSAGADASFSSLYKATFDNVTSYLKKKEERLQQQLEKKQRRRSPPPGPDGHAKKMRPGEATLSC*
chr21:42859689:C/A:1	chr21	42859689	C|A	1	WDR4	NM_018669	10785	coding	688	600	200	Q>H	nonsyn	None	MAGSVGLALCGQTLVVRGGSRFLATSIASSDDDSLFIYDCSAAEKKSQENKGEDAPLDQGSGAILASTFSKSGSYFALTDDSKRLILFRTKPWQCLSVRTVARRCTALTFIASEEKVLVADKSGDVYSFSVLEPHGCGRLELGHLSMLLDVAVSPDDRFILTADRDEKIRVSWAAAPHSIESFCLGHTEFVSRISVVPTQPGLLLSSSGDGTLRLWEYRSGRQLHCCHLASLQELVDPQAPQKFAASRIAFWCQENCVALLCDGTPVVYIFQLDARRQQLVYRQQLAFQHQVWDVAFEETQGLWVLQDCQEAPLVLYRPVGDQWQSVPESTVLKKVSGVLRGNWAMLEGSAGADASFSSLYKATFDNVTSYLKKKEERLQQQLEKKQRRRSPPPGPDGHAKKMRPGEATLSC*|MAGSVGLALCGQTLVVRGGSRFLATSIASSDDDSLFIYDCSAAEKKSQENKGEDAPLDQGSGAILASTFSKSGSYFALTDDSKRLILFRTKPWQCLSVRTVARRCTALTFIASEEKVLVADKSGDVYSFSVLEPHGCGRLELGHLSMLLDVAVSPDDRFILTADRDEKIRVSWAAAPHSIESFCLGHTEFVSRISVVPTHPGLLLSSSGDGTLRLWEYRSGRQLHCCHLASLQELVDPQAPQKFAASRIAFWCQENCVALLCDGTPVVYIFQLDARRQQLVYRQQLAFQHQVWDVAFEETQGLWVLQDCQEAPLVLYRPVGDQWQSVPESTVLKKVSGVLRGNWAMLEGSAGADASFSSLYKATFDNVTSYLKKKEERLQQQLEKKQRRRSPPPGPDGHAKKMRPGEATLSC*
chr21:42859689:C/A:1	chr21	42859689	C|A	1	WDR4	NM_033661	10785	coding	688	600	200	Q>H	nonsyn	None	MAGSVGLALCGQTLVVRGGSRFLATSIASSDDDSLFIYDCSAAEKKSQENKGEDAPLDQGSGAILASTFSKSGSYFALTDDSKRLILFRTKPWQCLSVRTVARRCTALTFIASEEKVLVADKSGDVYSFSVLEPHGCGRLELGHLSMLLDVAVSPDDRFILTADRDEKIRVSWAAAPHSIESFCLGHTEFVSRISVVPTQPGLLLSSSGDGTLRLWEYRSGRQLHCCHLASLQELVDPQAPQKFAASRIAFWCQENCVALLCDGTPVVYIFQLDARRQQLVYRQQLAFQHQVWDVAFEETQGLWVLQDCQEAPLVLYRPVGDQWQSVPESTVLKKVSGVLRGNWAMLEGSAGADASFSSLYKATFDNVTSYLKKKEERLQQQLEKKQRRRSPPPGPDGHAKKMRPGEATLSC*|MAGSVGLALCGQTLVVRGGSRFLATSIASSDDDSLFIYDCSAAEKKSQENKGEDAPLDQGSGAILASTFSKSGSYFALTDDSKRLILFRTKPWQCLSVRTVARRCTALTFIASEEKVLVADKSGDVYSFSVLEPHGCGRLELGHLSMLLDVAVSPDDRFILTADRDEKIRVSWAAAPHSIESFCLGHTEFVSRISVVPTHPGLLLSSSGDGTLRLWEYRSGRQLHCCHLASLQELVDPQAPQKFAASRIAFWCQENCVALLCDGTPVVYIFQLDARRQQLVYRQQLAFQHQVWDVAFEETQGLWVLQDCQEAPLVLYRPVGDQWQSVPESTVLKKVSGVLRGNWAMLEGSAGADASFSSLYKATFDNVTSYLKKKEERLQQQLEKKQRRRSPPPGPDGHAKKMRPGEATLSC*
chr21:42859689:C/A:1	chr21	42859689	C|A	1	WDR4	NR_048535	10785	non-coding	580	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr21:44585730:C/A:1	chr21	44585730	C|A	1	TSPEAR	NM_001272037	54084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17725	None
chr21:44585730:C/A:1	chr21	44585730	C|A	1	TSPEAR	NM_144991	54084	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17725	None
chr21:45914035:G/A:1	chr21	45914035	G|A	1	PCBP3	NM_001348241	54039	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	399	None
chr21:45914035:G/A:1	chr21	45914035	G|A	1	PCBP3	NM_001130141	54039	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3005	None
chr21:45914035:G/A:1	chr21	45914035	G|A	1	PCBP3	NM_001348239	54039	coding	1107	685	229	D>N	nonsyn	None	MGEGDAFWAPSVLPHSTLSTLSHHPQPQFGRRMESKVSEGGLNVTLTIRLLMHGKEVGSIIGKKGETVKKMREESGARINISEGNCPERIVTITGPTDAIFKAFAMIAYKFEEDIINSMSNSPATSKPPVTLRLVVPASQCGSLIGKGGSKIKEIRESTGAQVQVAGDMLPNSTERAVTISGTPDAIIQCVKQICVVMLESPPKGATIPYRPKPASTPVIFAGGQVRADPLAASTANLSLLLQHPPLPAYTIQGQYAIPHPDLTKLHQLAMQQTPFPPLGQTNPAFPGEKLPLHSSEEAQNLMGQSSGLDASPPASTHELTIPNDLIGCIIGRQGTKINEIRQMSGAQIKIANATEGSSERQITITGTPANISLAQYLINARLTSEVTGMGTL*|MGEGDAFWAPSVLPHSTLSTLSHHPQPQFGRRMESKVSEGGLNVTLTIRLLMHGKEVGSIIGKKGETVKKMREESGARINISEGNCPERIVTITGPTDAIFKAFAMIAYKFEEDIINSMSNSPATSKPPVTLRLVVPASQCGSLIGKGGSKIKEIRESTGAQVQVAGDMLPNSTERAVTISGTPDAIIQCVKQICVVMLESPPKGATIPYRPKPASTPVIFAGGQVRANPLAASTANLSLLLQHPPLPAYTIQGQYAIPHPDLTKLHQLAMQQTPFPPLGQTNPAFPGEKLPLHSSEEAQNLMGQSSGLDASPPASTHELTIPNDLIGCIIGRQGTKINEIRQMSGAQIKIANATEGSSERQITITGTPANISLAQYLINARLTSEVTGMGTL*
chr21:45914035:G/A:1	chr21	45914035	G|A	1	PCBP3	NM_001348240	54039	coding	1028	685	229	D>N	nonsyn	None	MGEGDAFWAPSVLPHSTLSTLSHHPQPQFGRRMESKVSEGGLNVTLTIRLLMHGKEVGSIIGKKGETVKKMREESGARINISEGNCPERIVTITGPTDAIFKAFAMIAYKFEEDIINSMSNSPATSKPPVTLRLVVPASQCGSLIGKGGSKIKEIRESTGAQVQVAGDMLPNSTERAVTISGTPDAIIQCVKQICVVMLESPPKGATIPYRPKPASTPVIFAGGQVRADPLAASTANLSLLLQHPPLPAYTIQGQYAIPHPDQLTKLHQLAMQQTPFPPLGQTNPAFPGEKLPLHSSEEAQNLMGQSSGLDASPPASTHELTIPNDLIGCIIGRQGTKINEIRQMSGAQIKIANATEGSSERQITITGTPANISLAQYLINARLTSEVTGMGTL*|MGEGDAFWAPSVLPHSTLSTLSHHPQPQFGRRMESKVSEGGLNVTLTIRLLMHGKEVGSIIGKKGETVKKMREESGARINISEGNCPERIVTITGPTDAIFKAFAMIAYKFEEDIINSMSNSPATSKPPVTLRLVVPASQCGSLIGKGGSKIKEIRESTGAQVQVAGDMLPNSTERAVTISGTPDAIIQCVKQICVVMLESPPKGATIPYRPKPASTPVIFAGGQVRANPLAASTANLSLLLQHPPLPAYTIQGQYAIPHPDQLTKLHQLAMQQTPFPPLGQTNPAFPGEKLPLHSSEEAQNLMGQSSGLDASPPASTHELTIPNDLIGCIIGRQGTKINEIRQMSGAQIKIANATEGSSERQITITGTPANISLAQYLINARLTSEVTGMGTL*
chr21:45914035:G/A:1	chr21	45914035	G|A	1	PCBP3	NM_001348245	54039	coding	1153	685	229	D>N	nonsyn	None	MGEGDAFWAPSVLPHSTLSTLSHHPQPQFGRRMESKVSEGGLNVTLTIRLLMHGKEVGSIIGKKGETVKKMREESGARINISEGNCPERIVTITGPTDAIFKAFAMIAYKFEEDIINSMSNSPATSKPPVTLRLVVPASQCGSLIGKGGSKIKEIRESTGAQVQVAGDMLPNSTERAVTISGTPDAIIQCVKQICVVMLESPPKGATIPYRPKPASTPVIFAGGQVRADPLAASTANLSLLLQHPPLPAYTIQGQYAIPHPDLTKLHQLAMQQTPFPPLGQTNPAFPGLDASPPASTHELTIPNDLIGCIIGRQGTKINEIRQMSGAQIKIANATEGSSERQITITGTPANISLAQYLINARLTSEVTGMGTL*|MGEGDAFWAPSVLPHSTLSTLSHHPQPQFGRRMESKVSEGGLNVTLTIRLLMHGKEVGSIIGKKGETVKKMREESGARINISEGNCPERIVTITGPTDAIFKAFAMIAYKFEEDIINSMSNSPATSKPPVTLRLVVPASQCGSLIGKGGSKIKEIRESTGAQVQVAGDMLPNSTERAVTISGTPDAIIQCVKQICVVMLESPPKGATIPYRPKPASTPVIFAGGQVRANPLAASTANLSLLLQHPPLPAYTIQGQYAIPHPDLTKLHQLAMQQTPFPPLGQTNPAFPGLDASPPASTHELTIPNDLIGCIIGRQGTKINEIRQMSGAQIKIANATEGSSERQITITGTPANISLAQYLINARLTSEVTGMGTL*
chr21:45914035:G/A:1	chr21	45914035	G|A	1	PCBP3	NM_001348238	54039	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10	None
chr21:45914035:G/A:1	chr21	45914035	G|A	1	PCBP3	NM_001348242	54039	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10	None
chr21:45914035:G/A:1	chr21	45914035	G|A	1	PCBP3	NM_001348243	54039	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10	None
chr21:45914035:G/A:1	chr21	45914035	G|A	1	PCBP3	NM_001348244	54039	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10	None
chr21:45914035:G/A:1	chr21	45914035	G|A	1	PCBP3	NM_020528	54039	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10	None
chr21:45914035:G/A:1	chr21	45914035	G|A	1	PCBP3	NR_145492	54039	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10	None
chr21:45914035:G/A:1	chr21	45914035	G|A	1	PCBP3	NR_145493	54039	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10	None
chr21:46213081:T/C:1	chr21	46213081	T|C	1	LSS	NM_001001438	4047	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29	None
chr21:46213081:T/C:1	chr21	46213081	T|C	1	LSS	NM_001145436	4047	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29	None
chr21:46213081:T/C:1	chr21	46213081	T|C	1	LSS	NM_001145437	4047	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29	None
chr21:46213081:T/C:1	chr21	46213081	T|C	1	LSS	NM_002340	4047	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29	None
chr21:46351357:C/A:1	chr21	46351357	C|A	1	PCNT	NM_001315529	5116	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	72	None
chr21:46351357:C/A:1	chr21	46351357	C|A	1	PCNT	NM_006031	5116	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	72	None
chr22:17142931:C/A:1	chr22	17142931	C|A	1	HDHD5	NM_017829	27440	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	167	None
chr22:17142931:C/A:1	chr22	17142931	C|A	1	HDHD5	NM_033070	27440	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	167	None
chr22:21964299:G/A:1	chr22	21964299	G|A	1	TOP3B	NM_001282112	8940	coding	1172	960	320	H>H	syn	None	MKTVLMVAEKPSLAQSIAKILSRGSLSSHKGLNGACSVHEYTGTFAGQPVRFKMTSVCGHVMTLDFLGKYNKWDKVDPAELFSQAPTEKKEANPKLNMVKFLQVEGRGCDYIVLWLDCDKEGENICFEVLDAVLPVMNKAHGGEKTVFRARFSSITDTDICNAMACLGEPDHNEALSVDARQELDLRIGCAFTRFQTKYFQGKYGDLDSSLISFGPCQTPTLGFCVERHDKIQSFKPETYWVLQAKVNTDKDRSLLLDWDRVRVFDREIAQMFLNMTKLEKEAQVEATSRKEKAKQRPLALNTVEMLRVASSSLGMGPQHAMQTAERLYTQGYISYPRTETTHYPENFDLKGSLRQQANHPYWADTVKRLLAEGINRPRKGHDAGDHPPITPMKSATEAELGGDAWRLYEYITRHFIATVSHDCKYLQSTISFRIGPELFTCSGKTVLSPGFTEVMPWQSVPLEESLPTCQRGDAFPVGEVKMLEKQTNPPDYLTEAELITLMEKHGIGTDASIPVHINNICQRNYVTVESGRRLKPTNLGIVLVHGYYKIDAELVLPTIRSAVEKQLNLIAQGKADYRQVLGHTLDVFKRKFHYFVDSIAGMDELMEVSFSPLAATGKPLSRCGKCHRFMKYIQAKPSRLHCSHCDETYTLPQNGTIKLYKELRCPLDDFELVLWSSGSRGKSYPLCPYCYNHPPFRDMKKGMGCNECTHPSCQHSLSMLGIGQCVECESGVLVLDPTSGPKWKVACNKCNVVAHCFENAHRVRVSADTCSVCEAALLDVDFNKAKSPLPGDETQHMGCVFCDPVFQELVELKHAASCHPMHRGGPGRRQGRGRGRARRPPGKPNPRRPKDKMSALAAYFV*
chr22:21964299:G/A:1	chr22	21964299	G|A	1	TOP3B	NM_001282113	8940	coding	1165	960	320	H>H	syn	None	MKTVLMVAEKPSLAQSIAKILSRGSLSSHKGLNGACSVHEYTGTFAGQPVRFKMTSVCGHVMTLDFLGKYNKWDKVDPAELFSQAPTEKKEANPKLNMVKFLQVEGRGCDYIVLWLDCDKEGENICFEVLDAVLPVMNKAHGGEKTVFRARFSSITDTDICNAMACLGEPDHNEALSVDARQELDLRIGCAFTRFQTKYFQGKYGDLDSSLISFGPCQTPTLGFCVERHDKIQSFKPETYWVLQAKVNTDKDRSLLLDWDRVRVFDREIAQMFLNMTKLEKEAQVEATSRKEKAKQRPLALNTVEMLRVASSSLGMGPQHAMQTAERLYTQGYISYPRTETTHYPENFDLKGSLRQQANHPYWADTVKRLLAEGINRPRKGHDAGDHPPITPMKSATEAELGGDAWRLYEYITRHFIATVSHDCKYLQSTISFRIGPELFTCSGKTVLSPGFTEVMPWQSVPLEESLPTCQRGDAFPVGEVKMLEKQTNPPDYLTEAELITLMEKHGIGTDASIPVHINNICQRNYVTVESGRRLKPTNLGIVLVHGYYKIDAELVLPTIRSAVEKQLNLIAQGKADYRQVLGHTLDVFKRKFHYFVDSIAGMDELMEVSFSPLAATGKPLSRCGKCHRFMKYIQAKPSRLHCSHCDETYTLPQNGTIKLYKELRCPLDDFELVLWSSGSRGKSYPLCPYCYNHPPFRDMKKGMGCNECTHPSCQHSLSMLGIGQCVECESGVLVLDPTSGPKWKVACNKCNVVAHCFENAHRVRVSADTCSVCEAALLDVDFNKAKSPLPGDETQHMGCVFCDPVFQELVELKHAASCHPMHRGGPGRRQGRGRGRARRPPGKPNPRRPKDKMSALAAYFV*
chr22:21964299:G/A:1	chr22	21964299	G|A	1	TOP3B	NM_001349845	8940	coding	1208	960	320	H>H	syn	None	MKTVLMVAEKPSLAQSIAKILSRGSLSSHKGLNGACSVHEYTGTFAGQPVRFKMTSVCGHVMTLDFLGKYNKWDKVDPAELFSQAPTEKKEANPKLNMVKFLQVEGRGCDYIVLWLDCDKEGENICFEVLDAVLPVMNKAHGGEKTVFRARFSSITDTDICNAMACLGEPDHNEALSVDARQELDLRIGCAFTRFQTKYFQGKYGDLDSSLISFGPCQTPTLGFCVERHDKIQSFKPETYWVLQAKVNTDKDRSLLLDWDRVRVFDREIAQMFLNMTKLEKEAQVEATSRKEKAKQRPLALNTVEMLRVASSSLGMGPQHAMQTAERLYTQGYISYPRTETTHYPENFDLKGSLRQQANHPYWADTVKRLLAEGINRPRKGHDAGDHPPITPMKSATEAELGGDAWRLYEYITRHFIATVSHDCKYLQSTISFRIGPELFTCSGKTVLSPGFTEVMPWQSVPLEESLPTCQRGDAFPVGEVKMLEKQTNPPDYLTEAELITLMEKHGIGTDASIPVHINNICQRNYVTVESGRRLKPTNLGIVLVHGYYKIDAELVLPTIRSAVEKQLNLIAQGKADYRQVLGHTLDVFKRKFHYFVDSIAGMDELMEVSFSPLAATGKPLSRCGKCHRFMKYIQAKPSRLHCSHCDETYTLPQNGTIKLYKELRCPLDDFELVLWSSGSRGKSYPLCPYCYNHPPFRDMKKGMGCNECTHPSCQHSLSMLGIGQCVECESGVLVLDPTSGPKWKVACNKCNVVAHCFENAHRVRVSADTCSVCEAALLDVDFNKAKSPLPGDETQHMGCVFCDPVFQELVELKHAASCHPMHRGGPGRRQGRGRGRARRPPGKPNPRRPKDKMSALAAYFV*
chr22:21964299:G/A:1	chr22	21964299	G|A	1	TOP3B	NM_001349847	8940	coding	1379	960	320	H>H	syn	None	MKTVLMVAEKPSLAQSIAKILSRGSLSSHKGLNGACSVHEYTGTFAGQPVRFKMTSVCGHVMTLDFLGKYNKWDKVDPAELFSQAPTEKKEANPKLNMVKFLQVEGRGCDYIVLWLDCDKEGENICFEVLDAVLPVMNKAHGGEKTVFRARFSSITDTDICNAMACLGEPDHNEALSVDARQELDLRIGCAFTRFQTKYFQGKYGDLDSSLISFGPCQTPTLGFCVERHDKIQSFKPETYWVLQAKVNTDKDRSLLLDWDRVRVFDREIAQMFLNMTKLEKEAQVEATSRKEKAKQRPLALNTVEMLRVASSSLGMGPQHAMQTAERLYTQGYISYPRTETTHYPENFDLKGSLRQQANHPYWADTVKRLLAEGINRPRKGHDAGDHPPITPMKSATEAELGGDAWRLYEYITRHFIATVSHDCKYLQSTISFRIGPELFTCSGKTVLSPGFTEVMPWQSVPLEESLPTCQRGDAFPVGEVKMLEKQTNPPDYLTEAELITLMEKHGIGTDASIPVHINNICQRNYVTVESGRRLKPTNLGIVLVHGYYKIDAELVLPTIRSAVEKQLNLIAQGKADYRQVLGHTLDVFKRKFHYFVDSIAGMDELMEVSFSPLAATGKPLSRCGKCHRFMKYIQAKPSRLHCSHCDETYTLPQNGTIKLYKELRCPLDDFELVLWSSGSRGKSYPLCPYCYNHPPFRDMKKGMGCNECTHPSCQHSLSMLGIGQCVECESGVLVLDPTSGPKWKVACNKCNVVAHCFENAHRVRVSADTCSVCEAALLDVDFNKAKSPLPGDETQHMGCVFCDPVFQELVELKHAASCHPMHRGGPGRRQGRGRGRARRPPGKPNPRRPKDKMSALAAYFV*
chr22:21964299:G/A:1	chr22	21964299	G|A	1	TOP3B	NM_001349848	8940	coding	1254	552	184	H>H	syn	None	MNKAHGGEKTVFRARFSSITDTDICNAMACLGEPDHNEALSVDARQELDLRIGCAFTRFQTKYFQGKYGDLDSSLISFGPCQTPTLGFCVERHDKIQSFKPETYWVLQAKVNTDKDRSLLLDWDRVRVFDREIAQMFLNMTKLEKEAQVEATSRKEKAKQRPLALNTVEMLRVASSSLGMGPQHAMQTAERLYTQGYISYPRTETTHYPENFDLKGSLRQQANHPYWADTVKRLLAEGINRPRKGHDAGDHPPITPMKSATEAELGGDAWRLYEYITRHFIATVSHDCKYLQSTISFRIGPELFTCSGKTVLSPGFTEVMPWQSVPLEESLPTCQRGDAFPVGEVKMLEKQTNPPDYLTEAELITLMEKHGIGTDASIPVHINNICQRNYVTVESGRRLKPTNLGIVLVHGYYKIDAELVLPTIRSAVEKQLNLIAQGKADYRQVLGHTLDVFKRKFHYFVDSIAGMDELMEVSFSPLAATGKPLSRCGKCHRFMKYIQAKPSRLHCSHCDETYTLPQNGTIKLYKELRCPLDDFELVLWSSGSRGKSYPLCPYCYNHPPFRDMKKGMGCNECTHPSCQHSLSMLGIGQCVECESGVLVLDPTSGPKWKVACNKCNVVAHCFENAHRVRVSADTCSVCEAALLDVDFNKAKSPLPGDETQHMGCVFCDPVFQELVELKHAASCHPMHRGGPGRRQGRGRGRARRPPGKPNPRRPKDKMSALAAYFV*
chr22:21964299:G/A:1	chr22	21964299	G|A	1	TOP3B	NM_001349850	8940	coding	1290	552	184	H>H	syn	None	MNKAHGGEKTVFRARFSSITDTDICNAMACLGEPDHNEALSVDARQELDLRIGCAFTRFQTKYFQGKYGDLDSSLISFGPCQTPTLGFCVERHDKIQSFKPETYWVLQAKVNTDKDRSLLLDWDRVRVFDREIAQMFLNMTKLEKEAQVEATSRKEKAKQRPLALNTVEMLRVASSSLGMGPQHAMQTAERLYTQGYISYPRTETTHYPENFDLKGSLRQQANHPYWADTVKRLLAEGINRPRKGHDAGDHPPITPMKSATEAELGGDAWRLYEYITRHFIATVSHDCKYLQSTISFRIGPELFTCSGKTVLSPGFTEVMPWQSVPLEESLPTCQRGDAFPVGEVKMLEKQTNPPDYLTEAELITLMEKHGIGTDASIPVHINNICQRNYVTVESGRRLKPTNLGIVLVHGYYKIDAELVLPTIRSAVEKQLNLIAQGKADYRQVLGHTLDVFKRKFHYFVDSIAGMDELMEVSFSPLAATGKPLSRCGKCHRFMKYIQAKPSRLHCSHCDETYTLPQNGTIKLYKELRCPLDDFELVLWSSGSRGKSYPLCPYCYNHPPFRDMKKGMGCNECTHPSCQHSLSMLGIGQCVECESGVLVLDPTSGPKWKVACNKCNVVAHCFENAHRVRVSADTCSVCEAALLDVDFNKAKSPLPGDETQHMGCVFCDPVFQELVELKHAASCHPMHRGGPGRRQGRGRGRARRPPGKPNPRRPKDKMSALAAYFV*
chr22:21964299:G/A:1	chr22	21964299	G|A	1	TOP3B	NM_001349851	8940	coding	1254	552	184	H>H	syn	None	MNKAHGGEKTVFRARFSSITDTDICNAMACLGEPDHNEALSVDARQELDLRIGCAFTRFQTKYFQGKYGDLDSSLISFGPCQTPTLGFCVERHDKIQSFKPETYWVLQAKVNTDKDRSLLLDWDRVRVFDREIAQMFLNMTKLEKEAQVEATSRKEKAKQRPLALNTVEMLRVASSSLGMGPQHAMQTAERLYTQGYISYPRTETTHYPENFDLKGSLRQQANHPYWADTVKRLLAEGINRPRKGHDAGDHPPITPMKSATEAELGGDAWRLYEYITRHFIATVSHDCKYLQSTISFRIGPELFTCSGKTVLSPGFTEVMPWQSVPLEESLPTCQRGDAFPVGEVKMLEKQTNPPDYLTEAELITLMEKHGIGTDASIPVHINNICQRNYVTVESGRRLKPTNLGIVLVHGYYKIDAELVLPTIRSAVEKQLNLIAQGKADYRQVLGHTLDVFKRKFHYFVDSIAGMDELMEVSFSPLAATGKPLSRCGKCHRFMKYIQAKPSRLHCSHCDETYTLPQNGTIKLYKELRCPLDDFELVLWSSGSRGKSYPLCPYCYNHPPFRDMKKGECSHSLLSTGSCSLFSVPTPALHQAGL*
chr22:21964299:G/A:1	chr22	21964299	G|A	1	TOP3B	NM_001349852	8940	coding	1290	552	184	H>H	syn	None	MNKAHGGEKTVFRARFSSITDTDICNAMACLGEPDHNEALSVDARQELDLRIGCAFTRFQTKYFQGKYGDLDSSLISFGPCQTPTLGFCVERHDKIQSFKPETYWVLQAKVNTDKDRSLLLDWDRVRVFDREIAQMFLNMTKLEKEAQVEATSRKEKAKQRPLALNTVEMLRVASSSLGMGPQHAMQTAERLYTQGYISYPRTETTHYPENFDLKGSLRQQANHPYWADTVKRLLAEGINRPRKGHDAGDHPPITPMKSATEAELGGDAWRLYEYITRHFIATVSHDCKYLQSTISFRIGPELFTCSGKTVLSPGFTEVMPWQSVPLEESLPTCQRGDAFPVGEVKMLEKQTNPPDYLTEAELITLMEKHGIGTDASIPVHINNICQRNYVTVESGRRLKPTNLGIVLVHGYYKIDAELVLPTIRSAVEKQLNLIAQGKADYRQVLGHTLDVFKRKFHYFVDSIAGMDELMEVSFSPLAATGKPLSRCGKCHRFMKYIQAKPSRLHCSHCDETYTLPQNGTIKLYKELRCPLDDFELVLWSSGSRGKSYPLCPYCYNHPPFRDMKKGECSHSLLSTGSCSLFSVPTPALHQAGL*
chr22:21964299:G/A:1	chr22	21964299	G|A	1	TOP3B	NM_003935	8940	coding	1488	960	320	H>H	syn	None	MKTVLMVAEKPSLAQSIAKILSRGSLSSHKGLNGACSVHEYTGTFAGQPVRFKMTSVCGHVMTLDFLGKYNKWDKVDPAELFSQAPTEKKEANPKLNMVKFLQVEGRGCDYIVLWLDCDKEGENICFEVLDAVLPVMNKAHGGEKTVFRARFSSITDTDICNAMACLGEPDHNEALSVDARQELDLRIGCAFTRFQTKYFQGKYGDLDSSLISFGPCQTPTLGFCVERHDKIQSFKPETYWVLQAKVNTDKDRSLLLDWDRVRVFDREIAQMFLNMTKLEKEAQVEATSRKEKAKQRPLALNTVEMLRVASSSLGMGPQHAMQTAERLYTQGYISYPRTETTHYPENFDLKGSLRQQANHPYWADTVKRLLAEGINRPRKGHDAGDHPPITPMKSATEAELGGDAWRLYEYITRHFIATVSHDCKYLQSTISFRIGPELFTCSGKTVLSPGFTEVMPWQSVPLEESLPTCQRGDAFPVGEVKMLEKQTNPPDYLTEAELITLMEKHGIGTDASIPVHINNICQRNYVTVESGRRLKPTNLGIVLVHGYYKIDAELVLPTIRSAVEKQLNLIAQGKADYRQVLGHTLDVFKRKFHYFVDSIAGMDELMEVSFSPLAATGKPLSRCGKCHRFMKYIQAKPSRLHCSHCDETYTLPQNGTIKLYKELRCPLDDFELVLWSSGSRGKSYPLCPYCYNHPPFRDMKKGMGCNECTHPSCQHSLSMLGIGQCVECESGVLVLDPTSGPKWKVACNKCNVVAHCFENAHRVRVSADTCSVCEAALLDVDFNKAKSPLPGDETQHMGCVFCDPVFQELVELKHAASCHPMHRGGPGRRQGRGRGRARRPPGKPNPRRPKDKMSALAAYFV*
chr22:21964299:G/A:1	chr22	21964299	G|A	1	TOP3B	NR_146277	8940	non-coding	1254	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:22646384:G/A:1	chr22	22646384	G|A	1	POM121L1P	NR_024591	25812	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:22646384:G/A:1	chr22	22646384	G|A	1	GGTLC2	NM_001282879	91227	coding	101	39	13	Q>Q	syn	None	MTSEFFAAQLRAQISDDTTHPISYYKPEFYTPVDGGTAHLSVVAEDGSAVSATSTINLYFGSKVRSPVSEILFNDEMDDFSSPNITNEFGVPPSPANFIQPGKQPLSSMCPTIMVGQDGQVRMVVGAAGGTQITTATALICVTPFLPGRAHPAQPPSHADHTPMPQAIIYNLWFGYDVKRAVEEPRLHNQLLPNVTTVERNIDQAVTAALETRHHHTQIASTFIAVVQAIVRTAGGWAAASDSRKGGEPAGY*
chr22:22646384:G/A:1	chr22	22646384	G|A	1	GGTLC2	NM_199127	91227	coding	73	39	13	Q>Q	syn	None	MTSEFFAAQLRAQISDDTTHPISYYKPEFYTPVDGGTAHLSVVAEDGSAVSATSTINLYFGSKVRSPVSEILFNDEMDDFSSPNITNEFGVPPSPANFIQPGKQPLSSMCPTIMVGQDGQPPSHADHTPMPQAIIYNLWFGYDVKRAVEEPRLHNQLLPNVTTVERNIDQAVTAALETRHHHTQIASTFIAVVQAIVRTAGGWAAASDSRKGGEPAGY*
chr22:23638986:G/T:1	chr22	23638986	G|T	1	GUSBP11	NR_024448	91316	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	44	None
chr22:23838266:G/T:1	chr22	23838266	G|T	1	GSTTP2	NR_003082	653399	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	33609	None
chr22:23838266:G/T:1	chr22	23838266	G|T	1	DERL3	NM_001002862	91319	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	86	None
chr22:23838266:G/T:1	chr22	23838266	G|T	1	DERL3	NM_001135751	91319	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	86	None
chr22:23838266:G/T:1	chr22	23838266	G|T	1	DERL3	NM_001363072	91319	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	86	None
chr22:23838266:G/T:1	chr22	23838266	G|T	1	DERL3	NM_198440	91319	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	86	None
chr22:23875020:A/T:1	chr22	23875020	A|T	1	GSTTP2	NR_003082	653399	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	70363	None
chr22:23875020:A/T:1	chr22	23875020	A|T	1	SLC2A11	NM_001024938	66035	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	97	None
chr22:23875020:A/T:1	chr22	23875020	A|T	1	SLC2A11	NM_001024939	66035	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	97	None
chr22:23875020:A/T:1	chr22	23875020	A|T	1	SLC2A11	NM_001282864	66035	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	97	None
chr22:23875020:A/T:1	chr22	23875020	A|T	1	SLC2A11	NM_030807	66035	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	97	None
chr22:23875020:A/T:1	chr22	23875020	A|T	1	SLC2A11	NR_104248	66035	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	97	None
chr22:23875020:A/T:1	chr22	23875020	A|T	1	SLC2A11	NR_104247	66035	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	101	None
chr22:23987687:G/T:1	chr22	23987687	G|T	1	GSTTP2	NR_003082	653399	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10893	None
chr22:25039109:G/T:1	chr22	25039109	G|T	1	KIAA1671	NM_001145206	85379	coding	2005	1979	660	R>M	nonsyn	None	MATRVEVGSITPLTAVPGLGEMGKEETLTRTYFLQAGEASGAPPARILEAKSPLRSPARLLPLPRLAPKPFSKEQDVKSPVPSLRPSSTGPSPSGGLSEEPAAKDLDNRMPGLVGQEVGSGEGPRTSSPLFNKAVFLRPSSSTMILFETTKSGPALGKAVSEGAEEAKLGVSGSRPEVAAKPALPTQKPAGTLPRSAPLSQDTKPPVPQEEAGQDHPPSKASSVEDTARPLVEPRPRLKRRPVSAIFTESIQPQKPGPGAAATVGKVPPTPPEKTWVRKPRPLSMDLTARFENKEALLRKVADEGSGPTAGDMAGLERPRAASKLDRDCLVKAEAPLHDPDLDFLEVAKKIRERKEKMLSKPEMGSPRALVGGSSGVTPSNDQSPWEEKAKLDPEPEKAAESPSPRLGRGLELAEVKSRVADGEAAAGGEWASRRSVRKCISLFREDSTLALAVGSESPLATPASPSAAPEPEKGVVSVQERIRGWTAESSEAKPEVRRRTFQARPLSADLTKLFSSSASSNEVKYEKSAELSGEFPKEPREKQKEGHSLDGACIPRSPWKPGTLRDKSRQTEQKVSSNQDPDSCRGGSSVEAPCPSDVTPEDDRSFQTVWATVFEHHVERHTVADQSGRCLSTTPPGDMAHARVSEPRPRPEMGSWLGRDPPDMTKLKKENSRGFDNPETEKLGPTTLLNGELRPYHTPLRDKYPLSENHNNNTFLKHLENPPTSQRIEPRYDIVHAVGERVHSEAISPAPEEKAVTLRSLRSWLSLKDRQLSQEVTPADLECGLEGQAGSVQRASLIWEARGMPEASGPKFGGNCPFPKWTGGAVVSSHKATVAVSEEHCAPGATSVRAIKAAIWESQHEGPEGARSKPGVGARGPPQGCPLDPLSRATNGPSDSQARTHPDAFAVQKGPFIVAAREGDPGPAQVPQPAVRMRKAGAMDQRMDRWRRRTLPPNVKFDTFSSLVPEDSPHVGHRRTDYVSPTASALRKPQLSHYRVETQEVNPGASRDQTSPAVKQGSPVEPKATFFAVTYQIPNTQKAKGVVLSGAESLLEHSRKITPPSSPHSLTSTLVSLGHEEALEMAGSKNWMKGREHENASILKTLKPTDRPSSLGAWSLDPFNGRIIDVDALWSHRGSEDGPRPQSNWKESANKMSPSGGAPQTTPTLRSRPKDLPVRRKTDVISDTFPGKIRDGYRSSVLDIDALMAEYQELSLKVPGEAQERRSPTVEPSTLPRERPVQLGGVEQRRRSLKEMPDTGGLWKPASSAEINHSFTPGLGKQLAETLETAMGTKSSPPFWALPPSAPSERYPGGSPIPADPRKKTGFAEDDRKAFASKHHVAKCQNYLAESKPSGREDPGSGVRVSPKSPPTDQKKGTPRKSTGRGEEDSVAQWGDHPRDCGRVPLDIKRAYSEKGPPANIREGLSIMHEARERRREQPKGRPSLTGENLEAKMGPCWWESGTGDSHKVLPRDLEKEDAPQEKERPLQQVSPVASVPWRSHSFCKDRRSGPFVDQLKQCFSRQPTEPKDTDTLVHEAGSQYGTWTEQCQSGESLATESPDSSATSTRKQPPSSRLSSLSSQTEPTSAGDQYDCSRDQRSTSVDHSSTDLESTDGMEGPPPPDACPEKRVDDFSFIDQTSVLDSSALKTRVQLSKRSRRRAPISHSLRRSRFSESESRSPLEDETDNTWMFKDSTEEKSPRKEESDEEETASKAERTPVSHPQRMPAFPGMDPAVLKAQLHKRPEVDSPGETPSWAPQPKSPKSPFQPGVLGSRVLPSSMDKDERSDEPSPQWLKELKSKKRQSLYENQV*|MATRVEVGSITPLTAVPGLGEMGKEETLTRTYFLQAGEASGAPPARILEAKSPLRSPARLLPLPRLAPKPFSKEQDVKSPVPSLRPSSTGPSPSGGLSEEPAAKDLDNRMPGLVGQEVGSGEGPRTSSPLFNKAVFLRPSSSTMILFETTKSGPALGKAVSEGAEEAKLGVSGSRPEVAAKPALPTQKPAGTLPRSAPLSQDTKPPVPQEEAGQDHPPSKASSVEDTARPLVEPRPRLKRRPVSAIFTESIQPQKPGPGAAATVGKVPPTPPEKTWVRKPRPLSMDLTARFENKEALLRKVADEGSGPTAGDMAGLERPRAASKLDRDCLVKAEAPLHDPDLDFLEVAKKIRERKEKMLSKPEMGSPRALVGGSSGVTPSNDQSPWEEKAKLDPEPEKAAESPSPRLGRGLELAEVKSRVADGEAAAGGEWASRRSVRKCISLFREDSTLALAVGSESPLATPASPSAAPEPEKGVVSVQERIRGWTAESSEAKPEVRRRTFQARPLSADLTKLFSSSASSNEVKYEKSAELSGEFPKEPREKQKEGHSLDGACIPRSPWKPGTLRDKSRQTEQKVSSNQDPDSCRGGSSVEAPCPSDVTPEDDRSFQTVWATVFEHHVERHTVADQSGRCLSTTPPGDMAHARVSEPRPRPEMGSWLGMDPPDMTKLKKENSRGFDNPETEKLGPTTLLNGELRPYHTPLRDKYPLSENHNNNTFLKHLENPPTSQRIEPRYDIVHAVGERVHSEAISPAPEEKAVTLRSLRSWLSLKDRQLSQEVTPADLECGLEGQAGSVQRASLIWEARGMPEASGPKFGGNCPFPKWTGGAVVSSHKATVAVSEEHCAPGATSVRAIKAAIWESQHEGPEGARSKPGVGARGPPQGCPLDPLSRATNGPSDSQARTHPDAFAVQKGPFIVAAREGDPGPAQVPQPAVRMRKAGAMDQRMDRWRRRTLPPNVKFDTFSSLVPEDSPHVGHRRTDYVSPTASALRKPQLSHYRVETQEVNPGASRDQTSPAVKQGSPVEPKATFFAVTYQIPNTQKAKGVVLSGAESLLEHSRKITPPSSPHSLTSTLVSLGHEEALEMAGSKNWMKGREHENASILKTLKPTDRPSSLGAWSLDPFNGRIIDVDALWSHRGSEDGPRPQSNWKESANKMSPSGGAPQTTPTLRSRPKDLPVRRKTDVISDTFPGKIRDGYRSSVLDIDALMAEYQELSLKVPGEAQERRSPTVEPSTLPRERPVQLGGVEQRRRSLKEMPDTGGLWKPASSAEINHSFTPGLGKQLAETLETAMGTKSSPPFWALPPSAPSERYPGGSPIPADPRKKTGFAEDDRKAFASKHHVAKCQNYLAESKPSGREDPGSGVRVSPKSPPTDQKKGTPRKSTGRGEEDSVAQWGDHPRDCGRVPLDIKRAYSEKGPPANIREGLSIMHEARERRREQPKGRPSLTGENLEAKMGPCWWESGTGDSHKVLPRDLEKEDAPQEKERPLQQVSPVASVPWRSHSFCKDRRSGPFVDQLKQCFSRQPTEPKDTDTLVHEAGSQYGTWTEQCQSGESLATESPDSSATSTRKQPPSSRLSSLSSQTEPTSAGDQYDCSRDQRSTSVDHSSTDLESTDGMEGPPPPDACPEKRVDDFSFIDQTSVLDSSALKTRVQLSKRSRRRAPISHSLRRSRFSESESRSPLEDETDNTWMFKDSTEEKSPRKEESDEEETASKAERTPVSHPQRMPAFPGMDPAVLKAQLHKRPEVDSPGETPSWAPQPKSPKSPFQPGVLGSRVLPSSMDKDERSDEPSPQWLKELKSKKRQSLYENQV*
chr22:25992371:C/T:1	chr22	25992371	C|T	1	MYO18B	NM_001318245	84700	coding	6427	6168	2056	Y>Y	syn	None	MAISSRLALWEQKIREEDKSPPPSSPPPLFSVIPGGFIKQLVRGTEKEAKEARQRKQLAVASPEREIPEISISQPNSKSSSGTRSGSQQISQDDQSSSPGSSDILGKESEGSRSPDPEQMTSINGEKAQELGSSATPTKKTVPFKRGVRRGDVLLMVAKLDPDSAKPEKTHPHDAPPCKTSPPATDTGKEKKGETSRTPCGSQASTEILAPKAEKTRTGGLGDPGQGTVALKKGEEGQSIVGKGLGTPKTTELKEAEPQGKDRQGTRPQAQGPGEGVRPGKAEKEGAEPTNTVEKGNVSKDVGSEGKHVRPQIPGRKWGGFLGRRSKWDGPQNKKDKEGVLLSKAEKTGEPQTQMEKTSQVQGELGDDLRMGEKAGELRSTTGKAGESWDKKEKMGQPQGKSGNAGEARSQTEKGCEAPKEVSTMVESPAAPGKGGWPGSRGQEAEEPCSRAGDGAGALETELEGPSQPALEKDAERPRIRKENQDGPAPQEEGKGGQSRDSDQAPEDRWYEAEKVWLAQKDGFTLATVLKPDEGTADLPAGRVRLWIDADKTITEVDEEHVHRANPPELDQVEDLASLISVNESSVLNTLLQRYKAQLLHTCTGPDLIVLQPRGPSVPSAGKVPKGRRDGLPAHIGSMAQRAYWALLNQRRDQSIVALGWSGAGKTTCCEQVLEHLVGMAGSVDGRVSVEKIRATFTVLRAFGSVSMAHSRSATRFSMVMSLDFNATGRITAAQLQTMLLEKSRVARQPEGESNFLVFSQMLAGLDLDLRTELNLHQMADSSSFGMGVWSKPEDKQKAAAAFAQLQGAMEMLGISESEQRAVWRVLAAIYHLGAAGACKVGRKQFMRFEWANYAAEALGCEYEELNTATFKHHLRQIIQQMTFGPSRWGLEDEETSSGLKMTGVDCVEGMASGLYQELFAAVVSLINRSFSSHHLSMASIMVVDSPGFQNPRHQGKDRAATFEELCHNYAHERLQLLFYQRTFVSTLQRYQEEGVPVQFDLPDPSPGTTVAVVDQNPSQQVRLPAGGGAQDARGLFWVLDEEVHVEGSSDSVVLERLCAAFEKKGAGTEGSSALRTCEQPLQCEIFHQLGWDPVRYDLTGWLHRAKPNLSALDAPQVLHQSKREELRSLFQARAKLPPVCRAVAGLEGTSQQALQRSRMVRRTFASSLAAVRRKAPCSQIKLQMDALTSMIKRSRLHFIHCLVPNPVVESRSGQESPPPPQPGRDKPGAGGPLALDIPALRVQLAGFHILEALRLHRTGYADHMGLTRFRRQFQVLDAPLLKKLMSTSEGIDERKAVEELLETLDLEKKAVAVGHSQVFLKAGVISRLEKQREKLVSQSIVLFQAACKGFLSRQEFKKLKIRRLAAQCIQKNVAVFLAVKDWPWWQLLGSLQPLLSATIGTEQLRAKEEELTTLRRKLEKSEKLRNELRQNTDLLESKIADLTSDLADERFKGDVACQVLESERAERLQAFREVQELKSKHEQVQKKLGDVNKQLEEAQQKIQLNDLERNPTGGADEWQMRFDCAQMENEFLRKRLQQCEERLDSELTARKELEQKLGELQSAYDGAKKMAHQLKRKCHHLTCDLEDTCVLLENQQSRNHELEKKQKKFDLQLAQALGESVFEKGLREKVTQENTSVRWELGQLQQQLKQKEQEASQLKQQVEMLQDHKRELLGSPSLGENCVAGLKERLWKLESSALEQQKIQSQQENTIKQLEQLRQRFELEIERMKQMHQKDREDQEEELEDVRQSCQKRLHQLEMQLEQEYEEKQMVLHEKQDLEGLIGTLCDQIGHRDFDVEKRLRRDLRRTHALLSDVQLLLGTMEDGKTSVSKEELEKVHSQLEQSEAKCEEALKTQKVLTADLESMHSELENMTRNKSLVDEQLYRLQFEKADLLKRIDEDQDDLNELMQKHKDLIAQSAADIGQIQELQLQLEEAKKEKHKLQEQLQVAQMRIEYLEQSTVDRAIVSRQEAVICDLENKTEFQKVQIKRFEVLVIRLRDSLIKMGEELSQAATSESQQRESSQYYQRRLEELKADMEELVQREAEASRRCMELEKYVEELAAVRQTLQTDLETSIRRIADLQAALEEVASSDSDTESVQTAVDCGSSGRKEMDNVSILSSQPEGSLQSWLSCTLSLATDTMRTPSRQSATSSRILSPRINEEAGDTERTQSALALSRARSTNVHSKTSGDKPVSPHFVRRQKYCHFGDGEVLAVQRKSTERLEPASSPLASRSTNTSPLSREKLPSPSAALSEFVEGLRRKRAQRGQGSTLGLEDWPTLPIYQTTGASTLRRGRAGSDEGNLSLRVGAKSPLEIEGAAGGLLRSTSLKCISSDGVGGTTLLPEKSKTQFSSCESLLESRPSMGRKLSSPTTPRDMLLSPTLRPRRRCLESSVDDAGCPDLGKEPLVFQNRQFAHLMEEPLGSDPFSWKLPSLDYERKTKVDFDDFLPAIRKPQTPTSLAGSAKGGQDGSQRSSIHFETEEANRSFLSGIKTILKKSPEPKEDPAHLSDSSSSSGSIVSFKSADSIKSRPGIPRLAGDGGERTSPERREPGTGRKDDDVASIMKKYLQK*
chr22:25992371:C/T:1	chr22	25992371	C|T	1	MYO18B	NM_032608	84700	coding	6424	6165	2055	Y>Y	syn	None	MAISSRLALWEQKIREEDKSPPPSSPPPLFSVIPGGFIKQLVRGTEKEAKEARQRKQLAVASPEREIPEISISQPNSKSSSGTRSGSQQISQDDQSSSPGSSDILGKESEGSRSPDPEQMTSINGEKAQELGSSATPTKKTVPFKRGVRRGDVLLMVAKLDPDSAKPEKTHPHDAPPCKTSPPATDTGKEKKGETSRTPCGSQASTEILAPKAEKTRTGGLGDPGQGTVALKKGEEGQSIVGKGLGTPKTTELKEAEPQGKDRQGTRPQAQGPGEGVRPGKAEKEGAEPTNTVEKGNVSKDVGSEGKHVRPQIPGRKWGGFLGRRSKWDGPQNKKDKEGVLLSKAEKTGEPQTQMEKTSQVQGELGDDLRMGEKAGELRSTTGKAGESWDKKEKMGQPQGKSGNAGEARSQTEKGCEAPKEVSTMVESPAAPGKGGWPGSRGQEAEEPCSRAGDGAGALETELEGPSQPALEKDAERPRIRKENQDGPAPQEEGKGGQSRDSDQAPEDRWYEAEKVWLAQKDGFTLATVLKPDEGTADLPAGRVRLWIDADKTITEVDEEHVHRANPPELDQVEDLASLISVNESSVLNTLLQRYKAQLLHTCTGPDLIVLQPRGPSVPSAGKVPKGRRDGLPAHIGSMAQRAYWALLNQRRDQSIVALGWSGAGKTTCCEQVLEHLVGMAGSVDGRVSVEKIRATFTVLRAFGSVSMAHSRSATRFSMVMSLDFNATGRITAAQLQTMLLEKSRVARQPEGESNFLVFSQMLAGLDLDLRTELNLHQMADSSSFGMGVWSKPEDKQKAAAAFAQLQGAMEMLGISESEQRAVWRVLAAIYHLGAAGACKVGRKQFMRFEWANYAAEALGCEYEELNTATFKHHLRQIIQQMTFGPSRWGLEDEETSSGLKMTGVDCVEGMASGLYQELFAAVVSLINRSFSSHHLSMASIMVVDSPGFQNPRHQGKDRAATFEELCHNYAHERLQLLFYQRTFVSTLQRYQEEGVPVQFDLPDPSPGTTVAVVDQNPSQVRLPAGGGAQDARGLFWVLDEEVHVEGSSDSVVLERLCAAFEKKGAGTEGSSALRTCEQPLQCEIFHQLGWDPVRYDLTGWLHRAKPNLSALDAPQVLHQSKREELRSLFQARAKLPPVCRAVAGLEGTSQQALQRSRMVRRTFASSLAAVRRKAPCSQIKLQMDALTSMIKRSRLHFIHCLVPNPVVESRSGQESPPPPQPGRDKPGAGGPLALDIPALRVQLAGFHILEALRLHRTGYADHMGLTRFRRQFQVLDAPLLKKLMSTSEGIDERKAVEELLETLDLEKKAVAVGHSQVFLKAGVISRLEKQREKLVSQSIVLFQAACKGFLSRQEFKKLKIRRLAAQCIQKNVAVFLAVKDWPWWQLLGSLQPLLSATIGTEQLRAKEEELTTLRRKLEKSEKLRNELRQNTDLLESKIADLTSDLADERFKGDVACQVLESERAERLQAFREVQELKSKHEQVQKKLGDVNKQLEEAQQKIQLNDLERNPTGGADEWQMRFDCAQMENEFLRKRLQQCEERLDSELTARKELEQKLGELQSAYDGAKKMAHQLKRKCHHLTCDLEDTCVLLENQQSRNHELEKKQKKFDLQLAQALGESVFEKGLREKVTQENTSVRWELGQLQQQLKQKEQEASQLKQQVEMLQDHKRELLGSPSLGENCVAGLKERLWKLESSALEQQKIQSQQENTIKQLEQLRQRFELEIERMKQMHQKDREDQEEELEDVRQSCQKRLHQLEMQLEQEYEEKQMVLHEKQDLEGLIGTLCDQIGHRDFDVEKRLRRDLRRTHALLSDVQLLLGTMEDGKTSVSKEELEKVHSQLEQSEAKCEEALKTQKVLTADLESMHSELENMTRNKSLVDEQLYRLQFEKADLLKRIDEDQDDLNELMQKHKDLIAQSAADIGQIQELQLQLEEAKKEKHKLQEQLQVAQMRIEYLEQSTVDRAIVSRQEAVICDLENKTEFQKVQIKRFEVLVIRLRDSLIKMGEELSQAATSESQQRESSQYYQRRLEELKADMEELVQREAEASRRCMELEKYVEELAAVRQTLQTDLETSIRRIADLQAALEEVASSDSDTESVQTAVDCGSSGRKEMDNVSILSSQPEGSLQSWLSCTLSLATDTMRTPSRQSATSSRILSPRINEEAGDTERTQSALALSRARSTNVHSKTSGDKPVSPHFVRRQKYCHFGDGEVLAVQRKSTERLEPASSPLASRSTNTSPLSREKLPSPSAALSEFVEGLRRKRAQRGQGSTLGLEDWPTLPIYQTTGASTLRRGRAGSDEGNLSLRVGAKSPLEIEGAAGGLLRSTSLKCISSDGVGGTTLLPEKSKTQFSSCESLLESRPSMGRKLSSPTTPRDMLLSPTLRPRRRCLESSVDDAGCPDLGKEPLVFQNRQFAHLMEEPLGSDPFSWKLPSLDYERKTKVDFDDFLPAIRKPQTPTSLAGSAKGGQDGSQRSSIHFETEEANRSFLSGIKTILKKSPEPKEDPAHLSDSSSSSGSIVSFKSADSIKSRPGIPRLAGDGGERTSPERREPGTGRKDDDVASIMKKYLQK*
chr22:26442931:C/A:1	chr22	26442931	C|A	1	HPS4	NM_001349904	89781	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:26442931:C/A:1	chr22	26442931	C|A	1	HPS4	NM_001349905	89781	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:26442931:C/A:1	chr22	26442931	C|A	1	ASPHD2	NM_020437	57168	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	166	None
chr22:26465716:C/T:1	chr22	26465716	C|T	1	HPS4	NM_001349900	89781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr22:26465716:C/T:1	chr22	26465716	C|T	1	HPS4	NM_001349901	89781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr22:26465716:C/T:1	chr22	26465716	C|T	1	HPS4	NR_073136	89781	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr22:26465716:C/T:1	chr22	26465716	C|T	1	HPS4	NM_001349896	89781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr22:26465716:C/T:1	chr22	26465716	C|T	1	HPS4	NM_001349898	89781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr22:26465716:C/T:1	chr22	26465716	C|T	1	HPS4	NM_001349899	89781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr22:26465716:C/T:1	chr22	26465716	C|T	1	HPS4	NM_001349902	89781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr22:26465716:C/T:1	chr22	26465716	C|T	1	HPS4	NM_001349903	89781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr22:26465716:C/T:1	chr22	26465716	C|T	1	HPS4	NM_001349904	89781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr22:26465716:C/T:1	chr22	26465716	C|T	1	HPS4	NM_001349905	89781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr22:26465716:C/T:1	chr22	26465716	C|T	1	HPS4	NM_022081	89781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr22:26465716:C/T:1	chr22	26465716	C|T	1	HPS4	NM_152841	89781	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr22:26465716:C/T:1	chr22	26465716	C|T	1	HPS4	NR_073135	89781	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr22:26465716:C/T:1	chr22	26465716	C|T	1	HPS4	NR_146311	89781	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr22:26465716:C/T:1	chr22	26465716	C|T	1	HPS4	NR_146312	89781	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr22:26465716:C/T:1	chr22	26465716	C|T	1	HPS4	NR_146313	89781	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr22:26465716:C/T:1	chr22	26465716	C|T	1	HPS4	NR_146314	89781	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr22:26465716:C/T:1	chr22	26465716	C|T	1	HPS4	NR_146315	89781	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr22:26465716:C/T:1	chr22	26465716	C|T	1	HPS4	NR_146316	89781	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	165	None
chr22:26612524:G/A:1	chr22	26612524	G|A	1	CRYBB1	NM_001887	1414	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	334	None
chr22:29527997:G/T:1	chr22	29527997	G|T	1	THOC5	NM_001002877	8563	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr22:29527997:G/T:1	chr22	29527997	G|T	1	THOC5	NM_001002878	8563	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr22:29527997:G/T:1	chr22	29527997	G|T	1	THOC5	NM_001002879	8563	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr22:29527997:G/T:1	chr22	29527997	G|T	1	THOC5	NM_003678	8563	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr22:30105079:G/T:1	chr22	30105079	G|T	1	HORMAD2	NM_001329458	150280	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1579	None
chr22:30105079:G/T:1	chr22	30105079	G|T	1	HORMAD2	NM_001329457	150280	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	642	None
chr22:30105079:G/T:1	chr22	30105079	G|T	1	HORMAD2	NM_152510	150280	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	642	None
chr22:31260099:C/A:1	chr22	31260099	C|A	1	LIMK2	NM_001031801	3985	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	22	None
chr22:31260099:C/A:1	chr22	31260099	C|A	1	LIMK2	NM_005569	3985	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	22	None
chr22:31260099:C/A:1	chr22	31260099	C|A	1	LIMK2	NM_016733	3985	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	22	None
chr22:32803374:G/T:1	chr22	32803374	G|T	1	SYN3	NM_001135774	8224	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61541	None
chr22:32803374:G/T:1	chr22	32803374	G|T	1	SYN3	NM_003490	8224	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61541	None
chr22:32803374:G/T:1	chr22	32803374	G|T	1	SYN3	NM_133633	8224	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61541	None
chr22:32803374:G/T:1	chr22	32803374	G|T	1	TIMP3	NM_000362	7078	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1252	None
chr22:35738379:A/C:1	chr22	35738379	A|C	1	RBFOX2	NM_001031695	23543	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:35738379:A/C:1	chr22	35738379	A|C	1	RBFOX2	NM_001082576	23543	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:35738379:A/C:1	chr22	35738379	A|C	1	RBFOX2	NM_001082577	23543	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:35738379:A/C:1	chr22	35738379	A|C	1	RBFOX2	NM_001082579	23543	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:35738379:A/C:1	chr22	35738379	A|C	1	RBFOX2	NM_001349982	23543	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:35738379:A/C:1	chr22	35738379	A|C	1	RBFOX2	NM_001349983	23543	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:35738379:A/C:1	chr22	35738379	A|C	1	RBFOX2	NM_014309	23543	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:35738379:A/C:1	chr22	35738379	A|C	1	RBFOX2	NM_001082578	23543	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:35738379:A/C:1	chr22	35738379	A|C	1	RBFOX2	NM_001349989	23543	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:35738379:A/C:1	chr22	35738379	A|C	1	RBFOX2	NM_001349990	23543	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:35738379:A/C:1	chr22	35738379	A|C	1	RBFOX2	NM_001349991	23543	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:35738379:A/C:1	chr22	35738379	A|C	1	RBFOX2	NM_001349992	23543	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:35738379:A/C:1	chr22	35738379	A|C	1	RBFOX2	NM_001349994	23543	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:35738379:A/C:1	chr22	35738379	A|C	1	RBFOX2	NM_001349995	23543	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:35738379:A/C:1	chr22	35738379	A|C	1	RBFOX2	NM_001349996	23543	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:35738379:A/C:1	chr22	35738379	A|C	1	RBFOX2	NM_001349997	23543	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:35738379:A/C:1	chr22	35738379	A|C	1	RBFOX2	NM_001349998	23543	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:35738379:A/C:1	chr22	35738379	A|C	1	RBFOX2	NM_001349999	23543	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:36320146:C/A:1	chr22	36320146	C|A	1	MYH9	NM_002473	4627	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	74	None
chr22:37132322:T/G:1	chr22	37132322	T|G	1	IL2RB	NM_000878	3560	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	62	None
chr22:37132322:T/G:1	chr22	37132322	T|G	1	IL2RB	NM_001346222	3560	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	62	None
chr22:37132322:T/G:1	chr22	37132322	T|G	1	IL2RB	NM_001346223	3560	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	62	None
chr22:37142288:T/C:1	chr22	37142288	T|C	1	IL2RB	NM_000878	3560	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	146	None
chr22:37142288:T/C:1	chr22	37142288	T|C	1	IL2RB	NM_001346222	3560	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	146	None
chr22:37142288:T/C:1	chr22	37142288	T|C	1	IL2RB	NM_001346223	3560	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	146	None
chr22:37937675:T/C:1	chr22	37937675	T|C	1	MICALL1	NM_033386	85377	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71	None
chr22:38962236:C/T:1	chr22	38962236	C|T	1	APOBEC3B-AS1	NR_104187	100874530	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	226	None
chr22:38962236:C/T:1	chr22	38962236	C|T	1	APOBEC3A	NM_001270406	200315	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	23	None
chr22:38962236:C/T:1	chr22	38962236	C|T	1	APOBEC3A	NM_145699	200315	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	23	None
chr22:38962236:C/T:1	chr22	38962236	C|T	1	APOBEC3A_B	NM_001193289	100913187	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	23	None
chr22:39647807:A/G:1	chr22	39647807	A|G	1	CACNA1I	NM_021096	8911	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15	None
chr22:39647807:A/G:1	chr22	39647807	A|G	1	CACNA1I	NM_001003406	8911	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	926	None
chr22:39964624:C/A:1	chr22	39964624	C|A	1	GRAP2	NM_001291824	9402	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1366	None
chr22:39964624:C/A:1	chr22	39964624	C|A	1	GRAP2	NM_001291825	9402	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1366	None
chr22:39964624:C/A:1	chr22	39964624	C|A	1	GRAP2	NM_001291826	9402	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1366	None
chr22:39964624:C/A:1	chr22	39964624	C|A	1	GRAP2	NM_004810	9402	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1366	None
chr22:39964624:C/A:1	chr22	39964624	C|A	1	GRAP2	NM_001291828	9402	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3418	None
chr22:40049003:G/T:1	chr22	40049003	G|T	1	TNRC6B	NM_001024843	23112	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4005	None
chr22:40963988:A/T:1	chr22	40963988	A|T	1	RBX1	NM_014248	9978	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chr22:42126548:G/A:1	chr22	42126548	G|A	1	NDUFA6-DT	NR_034118	100132273	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:42126548:G/A:1	chr22	42126548	G|A	1	CYP2D7	NM_001348386	1564	3utr	1562	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:42126548:G/A:1	chr22	42126548	G|A	1	CYP2D7	NR_002570	1564	non-coding	1519	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:42126548:G/A:1	chr22	42126548	G|A	1	CYP2D7	NR_145674	1564	non-coding	1562	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:42126548:G/A:1	chr22	42126548	G|A	1	CYP2D6	NM_000106	1565	3utr	1539	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:42126548:G/A:1	chr22	42126548	G|A	1	CYP2D6	NM_001025161	1565	3utr	1457	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:42126548:G/A:1	chr22	42126548	G|A	1	LOC101929829	NR_111920	101929829	non-coding	1609	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:42573998:G/C:1	chr22	42573998	G|C	1	RRP7BP	NR_002184	91695	non-coding	1578	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:42573998:G/C:1	chr22	42573998	G|C	1	SERHL2	NM_001284334	253190	coding	855	696	232	V>V	syn	None	MSENAAPDFYYVAMDFGGHGLSSHYSPGVPYYLQTFVSEIRRVVAGGVVGGMFFCTFPEMVDKLILLDTPLFLLESDEMENLLTYKRRAIEHVLQVEASQEPSHVFSLKQLLQRLLKSNSHLSEECGELLLQRGTTKVATGLVLNRDQRLAWAENSIDFISRELCAHSIRKLQAHVLLIKAVHGYFDSRQNYSEKESLSFMIDTMKSTLKEQFQFVEVPGNHCVHMSEPQHVASIISSFLQCTHMLPAQL*
chr22:42573998:G/C:1	chr22	42573998	G|C	1	SERHL2	NM_014509	253190	coding	953	888	296	V>V	syn	None	MSENAAPGLISELKLAVPWGHIAAKAWGSLQGPPVLCLHGWLDNASSFDRLIPLLPQDFYYVAMDFGGHGLSSHYSPGVPYYLQTFVSEIRRVVAALKWNRFSILGHSFGGVVGGMFFCTFPEMVDKLILLDTPLFLLESDEMENLLTYKRRAIEHVLQVEASQEPSHVFSLKQLLQRLLKSNSHLSEECGELLLQRGTTKVATGLVLNRDQRLAWAENSIDFISRELCAHSIRKLQAHVLLIKAVHGYFDSRQNYSEKESLSFMIDTMKSTLKEQFQFVEVPGNHCVHMSEPQHVASIISSFLQCTHMLPAQL*
chr22:42573998:G/C:1	chr22	42573998	G|C	1	SERHL2	NR_104300	253190	non-coding	1726	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:42573998:G/C:1	chr22	42573998	G|C	1	SERHL2	NR_104301	253190	non-coding	1710	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:43736994:C/A:1	chr22	43736994	C|A	1	EFCAB6	NM_022785	64800	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1001	None
chr22:43736994:C/A:1	chr22	43736994	C|A	1	EFCAB6	NM_198856	64800	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1001	None
chr22:45577115:G/T:1	chr22	45577115	G|T	1	FBLN1	NM_006486	2192	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7	None
chr22:49903355:G/T:1	chr22	49903355	G|T	1	ALG12	NM_024105	79087	3utr	2204	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr22:50461719:C/T:1	chr22	50461719	C|T	1	SBF1	NM_001365819	6305	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	1	None
chr22:50461719:C/T:1	chr22	50461719	C|T	1	SBF1	NM_002972	6305	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	1	None
chr22:50625611:G/C:1	chr22	50625611	G|C	1	ARSA	NM_000487	410	coding	1551	1178	393	T>S	nonsyn	None	MSMGAPRSLLLALAAGLAVARPPNIVLIFADDLGYGDLGCYGHPSSTTPNLDQLAAGGLRFTDFYVPVSLCTPSRAALLTGRLPVRMGMYPGVLVPSSRGGLPLEEVTVAEVLAARGYLTGMAGKWHLGVGPEGAFLPPHQGFHRFLGIPYSHDQGPCQNLTCFPPATPCDGGCDQGLVPIPLLANLSVEAQPPWLPGLEARYMAFAHDLMADAQRQDRPFFLYYASHHTHYPQFSGQSFAERSGRGPFGDSLMELDAAVGTLMTAIGDLGLLEETLVIFTADNGPETMRMSRGGCSGLLRCGKGTTYEGGVREPALAFWPGHIAPGVTHELASSLDLLPTLAALAGAPLPNVTLDGFDLSPLLLGTGKSPRQSLFFYPSYPDEVRGVFAVRTGKYKAHFFTQGSAHSDTTADPACHASSSLTAHEPPLLYDLSKDPGENYNLLGGVAGATPEVLQALKQLQLLKAQLDAAVTFGPSQVARGEDPALQICCHPGCTPRPACCHCPDPHA*|MSMGAPRSLLLALAAGLAVARPPNIVLIFADDLGYGDLGCYGHPSSTTPNLDQLAAGGLRFTDFYVPVSLCTPSRAALLTGRLPVRMGMYPGVLVPSSRGGLPLEEVTVAEVLAARGYLTGMAGKWHLGVGPEGAFLPPHQGFHRFLGIPYSHDQGPCQNLTCFPPATPCDGGCDQGLVPIPLLANLSVEAQPPWLPGLEARYMAFAHDLMADAQRQDRPFFLYYASHHTHYPQFSGQSFAERSGRGPFGDSLMELDAAVGTLMTAIGDLGLLEETLVIFTADNGPETMRMSRGGCSGLLRCGKGTTYEGGVREPALAFWPGHIAPGVTHELASSLDLLPTLAALAGAPLPNVTLDGFDLSPLLLGTGKSPRQSLFFYPSYPDEVRGVFAVRSGKYKAHFFTQGSAHSDTTADPACHASSSLTAHEPPLLYDLSKDPGENYNLLGGVAGATPEVLQALKQLQLLKAQLDAAVTFGPSQVARGEDPALQICCHPGCTPRPACCHCPDPHA*
chr22:50625611:G/C:1	chr22	50625611	G|C	1	ARSA	NM_001085425	410	coding	1467	1178	393	T>S	nonsyn	None	MSMGAPRSLLLALAAGLAVARPPNIVLIFADDLGYGDLGCYGHPSSTTPNLDQLAAGGLRFTDFYVPVSLCTPSRAALLTGRLPVRMGMYPGVLVPSSRGGLPLEEVTVAEVLAARGYLTGMAGKWHLGVGPEGAFLPPHQGFHRFLGIPYSHDQGPCQNLTCFPPATPCDGGCDQGLVPIPLLANLSVEAQPPWLPGLEARYMAFAHDLMADAQRQDRPFFLYYASHHTHYPQFSGQSFAERSGRGPFGDSLMELDAAVGTLMTAIGDLGLLEETLVIFTADNGPETMRMSRGGCSGLLRCGKGTTYEGGVREPALAFWPGHIAPGVTHELASSLDLLPTLAALAGAPLPNVTLDGFDLSPLLLGTGKSPRQSLFFYPSYPDEVRGVFAVRTGKYKAHFFTQGSAHSDTTADPACHASSSLTAHEPPLLYDLSKDPGENYNLLGGVAGATPEVLQALKQLQLLKAQLDAAVTFGPSQVARGEDPALQICCHPGCTPRPACCHCPDPHA*|MSMGAPRSLLLALAAGLAVARPPNIVLIFADDLGYGDLGCYGHPSSTTPNLDQLAAGGLRFTDFYVPVSLCTPSRAALLTGRLPVRMGMYPGVLVPSSRGGLPLEEVTVAEVLAARGYLTGMAGKWHLGVGPEGAFLPPHQGFHRFLGIPYSHDQGPCQNLTCFPPATPCDGGCDQGLVPIPLLANLSVEAQPPWLPGLEARYMAFAHDLMADAQRQDRPFFLYYASHHTHYPQFSGQSFAERSGRGPFGDSLMELDAAVGTLMTAIGDLGLLEETLVIFTADNGPETMRMSRGGCSGLLRCGKGTTYEGGVREPALAFWPGHIAPGVTHELASSLDLLPTLAALAGAPLPNVTLDGFDLSPLLLGTGKSPRQSLFFYPSYPDEVRGVFAVRSGKYKAHFFTQGSAHSDTTADPACHASSSLTAHEPPLLYDLSKDPGENYNLLGGVAGATPEVLQALKQLQLLKAQLDAAVTFGPSQVARGEDPALQICCHPGCTPRPACCHCPDPHA*
chr22:50625611:G/C:1	chr22	50625611	G|C	1	ARSA	NM_001085426	410	coding	1419	1178	393	T>S	nonsyn	None	MSMGAPRSLLLALAAGLAVARPPNIVLIFADDLGYGDLGCYGHPSSTTPNLDQLAAGGLRFTDFYVPVSLCTPSRAALLTGRLPVRMGMYPGVLVPSSRGGLPLEEVTVAEVLAARGYLTGMAGKWHLGVGPEGAFLPPHQGFHRFLGIPYSHDQGPCQNLTCFPPATPCDGGCDQGLVPIPLLANLSVEAQPPWLPGLEARYMAFAHDLMADAQRQDRPFFLYYASHHTHYPQFSGQSFAERSGRGPFGDSLMELDAAVGTLMTAIGDLGLLEETLVIFTADNGPETMRMSRGGCSGLLRCGKGTTYEGGVREPALAFWPGHIAPGVTHELASSLDLLPTLAALAGAPLPNVTLDGFDLSPLLLGTGKSPRQSLFFYPSYPDEVRGVFAVRTGKYKAHFFTQGSAHSDTTADPACHASSSLTAHEPPLLYDLSKDPGENYNLLGGVAGATPEVLQALKQLQLLKAQLDAAVTFGPSQVARGEDPALQICCHPGCTPRPACCHCPDPHA*|MSMGAPRSLLLALAAGLAVARPPNIVLIFADDLGYGDLGCYGHPSSTTPNLDQLAAGGLRFTDFYVPVSLCTPSRAALLTGRLPVRMGMYPGVLVPSSRGGLPLEEVTVAEVLAARGYLTGMAGKWHLGVGPEGAFLPPHQGFHRFLGIPYSHDQGPCQNLTCFPPATPCDGGCDQGLVPIPLLANLSVEAQPPWLPGLEARYMAFAHDLMADAQRQDRPFFLYYASHHTHYPQFSGQSFAERSGRGPFGDSLMELDAAVGTLMTAIGDLGLLEETLVIFTADNGPETMRMSRGGCSGLLRCGKGTTYEGGVREPALAFWPGHIAPGVTHELASSLDLLPTLAALAGAPLPNVTLDGFDLSPLLLGTGKSPRQSLFFYPSYPDEVRGVFAVRSGKYKAHFFTQGSAHSDTTADPACHASSSLTAHEPPLLYDLSKDPGENYNLLGGVAGATPEVLQALKQLQLLKAQLDAAVTFGPSQVARGEDPALQICCHPGCTPRPACCHCPDPHA*
chr22:50625611:G/C:1	chr22	50625611	G|C	1	ARSA	NM_001085427	410	coding	1374	1178	393	T>S	nonsyn	None	MSMGAPRSLLLALAAGLAVARPPNIVLIFADDLGYGDLGCYGHPSSTTPNLDQLAAGGLRFTDFYVPVSLCTPSRAALLTGRLPVRMGMYPGVLVPSSRGGLPLEEVTVAEVLAARGYLTGMAGKWHLGVGPEGAFLPPHQGFHRFLGIPYSHDQGPCQNLTCFPPATPCDGGCDQGLVPIPLLANLSVEAQPPWLPGLEARYMAFAHDLMADAQRQDRPFFLYYASHHTHYPQFSGQSFAERSGRGPFGDSLMELDAAVGTLMTAIGDLGLLEETLVIFTADNGPETMRMSRGGCSGLLRCGKGTTYEGGVREPALAFWPGHIAPGVTHELASSLDLLPTLAALAGAPLPNVTLDGFDLSPLLLGTGKSPRQSLFFYPSYPDEVRGVFAVRTGKYKAHFFTQGSAHSDTTADPACHASSSLTAHEPPLLYDLSKDPGENYNLLGGVAGATPEVLQALKQLQLLKAQLDAAVTFGPSQVARGEDPALQICCHPGCTPRPACCHCPDPHA*|MSMGAPRSLLLALAAGLAVARPPNIVLIFADDLGYGDLGCYGHPSSTTPNLDQLAAGGLRFTDFYVPVSLCTPSRAALLTGRLPVRMGMYPGVLVPSSRGGLPLEEVTVAEVLAARGYLTGMAGKWHLGVGPEGAFLPPHQGFHRFLGIPYSHDQGPCQNLTCFPPATPCDGGCDQGLVPIPLLANLSVEAQPPWLPGLEARYMAFAHDLMADAQRQDRPFFLYYASHHTHYPQFSGQSFAERSGRGPFGDSLMELDAAVGTLMTAIGDLGLLEETLVIFTADNGPETMRMSRGGCSGLLRCGKGTTYEGGVREPALAFWPGHIAPGVTHELASSLDLLPTLAALAGAPLPNVTLDGFDLSPLLLGTGKSPRQSLFFYPSYPDEVRGVFAVRSGKYKAHFFTQGSAHSDTTADPACHASSSLTAHEPPLLYDLSKDPGENYNLLGGVAGATPEVLQALKQLQLLKAQLDAAVTFGPSQVARGEDPALQICCHPGCTPRPACCHCPDPHA*
chr22:50625611:G/C:1	chr22	50625611	G|C	1	ARSA	NM_001085428	410	coding	1182	920	307	T>S	nonsyn	None	MGMYPGVLVPSSRGGLPLEEVTVAEVLAARGYLTGMAGKWHLGVGPEGAFLPPHQGFHRFLGIPYSHDQGPCQNLTCFPPATPCDGGCDQGLVPIPLLANLSVEAQPPWLPGLEARYMAFAHDLMADAQRQDRPFFLYYASHHTHYPQFSGQSFAERSGRGPFGDSLMELDAAVGTLMTAIGDLGLLEETLVIFTADNGPETMRMSRGGCSGLLRCGKGTTYEGGVREPALAFWPGHIAPGVTHELASSLDLLPTLAALAGAPLPNVTLDGFDLSPLLLGTGKSPRQSLFFYPSYPDEVRGVFAVRTGKYKAHFFTQGSAHSDTTADPACHASSSLTAHEPPLLYDLSKDPGENYNLLGGVAGATPEVLQALKQLQLLKAQLDAAVTFGPSQVARGEDPALQICCHPGCTPRPACCHCPDPHA*|MGMYPGVLVPSSRGGLPLEEVTVAEVLAARGYLTGMAGKWHLGVGPEGAFLPPHQGFHRFLGIPYSHDQGPCQNLTCFPPATPCDGGCDQGLVPIPLLANLSVEAQPPWLPGLEARYMAFAHDLMADAQRQDRPFFLYYASHHTHYPQFSGQSFAERSGRGPFGDSLMELDAAVGTLMTAIGDLGLLEETLVIFTADNGPETMRMSRGGCSGLLRCGKGTTYEGGVREPALAFWPGHIAPGVTHELASSLDLLPTLAALAGAPLPNVTLDGFDLSPLLLGTGKSPRQSLFFYPSYPDEVRGVFAVRSGKYKAHFFTQGSAHSDTTADPACHASSSLTAHEPPLLYDLSKDPGENYNLLGGVAGATPEVLQALKQLQLLKAQLDAAVTFGPSQVARGEDPALQICCHPGCTPRPACCHCPDPHA*
chr22:50625611:G/C:1	chr22	50625611	G|C	1	ARSA	NM_001362782	410	coding	1137	920	307	T>S	nonsyn	None	MGMYPGVLVPSSRGGLPLEEVTVAEVLAARGYLTGMAGKWHLGVGPEGAFLPPHQGFHRFLGIPYSHDQGPCQNLTCFPPATPCDGGCDQGLVPIPLLANLSVEAQPPWLPGLEARYMAFAHDLMADAQRQDRPFFLYYASHHTHYPQFSGQSFAERSGRGPFGDSLMELDAAVGTLMTAIGDLGLLEETLVIFTADNGPETMRMSRGGCSGLLRCGKGTTYEGGVREPALAFWPGHIAPGVTHELASSLDLLPTLAALAGAPLPNVTLDGFDLSPLLLGTGKSPRQSLFFYPSYPDEVRGVFAVRTGKYKAHFFTQGSAHSDTTADPACHASSSLTAHEPPLLYDLSKDPGENYNLLGGVAGATPEVLQALKQLQLLKAQLDAAVTFGPSQVARGEDPALQICCHPGCTPRPACCHCPDPHA*|MGMYPGVLVPSSRGGLPLEEVTVAEVLAARGYLTGMAGKWHLGVGPEGAFLPPHQGFHRFLGIPYSHDQGPCQNLTCFPPATPCDGGCDQGLVPIPLLANLSVEAQPPWLPGLEARYMAFAHDLMADAQRQDRPFFLYYASHHTHYPQFSGQSFAERSGRGPFGDSLMELDAAVGTLMTAIGDLGLLEETLVIFTADNGPETMRMSRGGCSGLLRCGKGTTYEGGVREPALAFWPGHIAPGVTHELASSLDLLPTLAALAGAPLPNVTLDGFDLSPLLLGTGKSPRQSLFFYPSYPDEVRGVFAVRSGKYKAHFFTQGSAHSDTTADPACHASSSLTAHEPPLLYDLSKDPGENYNLLGGVAGATPEVLQALKQLQLLKAQLDAAVTFGPSQVARGEDPALQICCHPGCTPRPACCHCPDPHA*
chr3:5173919:T/C:1	chr3	5173919	T|C	1	ARL8B	NM_018184	55207	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	98	None
chr3:8767870:G/A:1	chr3	8767870	G|A	1	OXTR	NM_000916	5021	coding	940	318	106	Y>Y	syn	None	MEGALAANWSAEAANASAAPPGAEGNRTAGPPRRNEALARVEVAVLCLILLLALSGNACVLLALRTTRQKHSRLFFFMKHLSIADLVVAVFQVLPQLLWDITFRFYGPDLLCRLVKYLQVVGMFASTYLLLLMSLDRCLAICQPLRSLRRRTDRLAVLATWLGCLVASAPQVHIFSLREVADGVFDCWAVFIQPWGPKAYITWITLAVYIVPVIVLAACYGLISFKIWQNLRLKTAAAAAAEAPEGAAAGDGGRVALARVSSVKLISKAKIRTVKMTFIIVLAFIVCWTPFFFVQMWSVWDANAPKEASAFIIVMLLASLNSCCNPWIYMLFTGHLFHELVQRFLCCSASYLKGRRLGETSASKKSNSSSFVLSHRSSSQRSCSQPSTA*
chr3:8767870:G/A:1	chr3	8767870	G|A	1	OXTR	NM_001354653	5021	coding	860	318	106	Y>Y	syn	None	MEGALAANWSAEAANASAAPPGAEGNRTAGPPRRNEALARVEVAVLCLILLLALSGNACVLLALRTTRQKHSRLFFFMKHLSIADLVVAVFQVLPQLLWDITFRFYGPDLLCRLVKYLQVVGMFASTYLLLLMSLDRCLAICQPLRSLRRRTDRLAVLATWLGCLVASAPQVHIFSLREVADGVFDCWAVFIQPWGPKAYITWITLAVYIVPVIVLAACYGLISFKIWQNLRLKTAAAAAAEAPEGAAAGDGGRVALARVSSVKLISKAKIRTVKMTFIIVLAFIVCWTPFFFVQMWSVWDANAPKEASAFIIVMLLASLNSCCNPWIYMLFTGHLFHELVQRFLCCSASYLKGRRLGETSASKKSNSSSFVLSHRSSSQRSCSQPSTA*
chr3:8767870:G/A:1	chr3	8767870	G|A	1	OXTR	NM_001354654	5021	coding	917	318	106	Y>Y	syn	None	MEGALAANWSAEAANASAAPPGAEGNRTAGPPRRNEALARVEVAVLCLILLLALSGNACVLLALRTTRQKHSRLFFFMKHLSIADLVVAVFQVLPQLLWDITFRFYGPDLLCRLVKYLQVVGMFASTYLLLLMSLDRCLAICQPLRSLRRRTDRLAVLATWLGCLVASAPQVHIFSLREVADGVFDCWAVFIQPWGPKAYITWITLAVYIVPVIVLAACYGLISFKIWQNLRLKTAAAAAAEAPEGAAAGDGGRVALARVSSVKLISKAKIRTVKMTFIIVLAFIVCWTPFFFVQMWSVWDANAPKEASAFIIVMLLASLNSCCNPWIYMLFTGHLFHELVQRFLCCSASYLKGRRLGETSASKKSNSSSFVLSHRSSSQRSCSQPSTA*
chr3:8767870:G/A:1	chr3	8767870	G|A	1	OXTR	NM_001354655	5021	coding	741	318	106	Y>Y	syn	None	MEGALAANWSAEAANASAAPPGAEGNRTAGPPRRNEALARVEVAVLCLILLLALSGNACVLLALRTTRQKHSRLFFFMKHLSIADLVVAVFQVLPQLLWDITFRFYGPDLLCRLVKYLQVVGMFASTYLLLLMSLDRCLAICQPLRSLRRRTDRLAVLATWLGCLVASAPQVHIFSLREVADGVFDCWAVFIQPWGPKAYITWITLAVYIVPVIVLAACYGLISFKIWQNLRLKTAAAAAAEAPEGAAAGDGGRVALARVSSVKLISKAKIRTVKMTFIIVLAFIVCWTPFFFVQMWSVWDANAPKEASAFIIVMLLASLNSCCNPWIYMLFTGHLFHELVQRFLCCSASYLKGRRLGETSASKKSNSSSFVLSHRSSSQRSCSQPSTA*
chr3:8767870:G/A:1	chr3	8767870	G|A	1	OXTR	NM_001354656	5021	coding	595	318	106	Y>Y	syn	None	MEGALAANWSAEAANASAAPPGAEGNRTAGPPRRNEALARVEVAVLCLILLLALSGNACVLLALRTTRQKHSRLFFFMKHLSIADLVVAVFQVLPQLLWDITFRFYGPDLLCRLVKYLQVVGMFASTYLLLLMSLDRCLAICQPLRSLRRRTDRLAVLATWLGCLVASAPQVHIFSLREVADGVFDCWAVFIQPWGPKAYITWITLAVYIVPVIVLAACYGLISFKIWQNLRLKTAAAAAAEAPEGAAAGDGGRVALARVSSVKLISKAKIRTVKMTFIIVLAFIVCWTPFFFVQMWSVWDANAPKEASAFIIVMLLASLNSCCNPWIYMLFTGHLFHELVQRFLCCSASYLKGRRLGETSASKKSNSSSFVLSHRSSSQRSCSQPSTA*
chr3:9500069:G/T:1	chr3	9500069	G|T	1	LHFPL4	NM_198560	375323	3utr	3192	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr3:10820021:T/A:1	chr3	10820021	T|A	1	SLC6A11	NM_001317406	6538	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	169	None
chr3:10820021:T/A:1	chr3	10820021	T|A	1	SLC6A11	NM_014229	6538	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	169	None
chr3:10933011:G/T:1	chr3	10933011	G|T	1	SLC6A11	NM_014229	6538	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	140	None
chr3:13496579:C/G:1	chr3	13496579	C|G	1	HDAC11	NM_024827	79885	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr3:13496579:C/G:1	chr3	13496579	C|G	1	HDAC11	NM_001136041	79885	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	226	None
chr3:13496579:C/G:1	chr3	13496579	C|G	1	HDAC11	NM_001330636	79885	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5292	None
chr3:13636498:C/A:1	chr3	13636498	C|A	1	FBLN2	NM_001004019	2199	coding	3393	3268	1090	H>N	nonsyn	None	MVLLWEPAGAWLALGLALALGPSVAAAAPRQDCTGVECPPLENCIEEALEPGACCATCVQQGCACEGYQYYDCLQGGFVRGRVPAGQSYFVDFGSTECSCPPGGGKISCQFMLCPELPPNCIEAVVVADSCPQCGQVGCVHAGHKYAAGHTVHLPPCRACHCPDAGGELICYQLPGCHGNFSDAEEGDPERHYEDPYSYDQEVAEVEAATALGGEVQAGAVQAGAGGPPAALGGGSQPLSTIQAPPWPAVLPRPTAAAALGPPAPVQAKARRVTEDSEEEEEEEEEREEMAVTEQLAAGGHRGLDGLPTTAPAGPSLPIQEERAEAGARAEAGARPEENLILDAQATSRSTGPEGVTHAPSLGKAALVPTQAVPGSPRDPVKPSPHNILSTSLPDAAWIPPTREVPRKPQVLPHSHVEEDTDPNSVHSIPRSSPEGSTKDLIETCCAAGQQWAIDNDECLEIPESGTEDNVCRTAQRHCCVSYLQEKSCMAGVLGAKEGETCGAEDNDSCGISLYKQCCDCCGLGLRVRAEGQSCESNPNLGYPCNHVMLSCCEGEEPLIVPEVRRPPEPAAAPRRVSEAEMAGREALSLGTEAELPNSLPGDDQDECLLLPGELCQHLCINTVGSYHCACFPGFSLQDDGRTCRPEGHPPQPEAPQEPALKSEFSQVASNTIPLPLPQPNTCKDNGPCKQVCSTVGGSAICSCFPGYAIMADGVSCEDQDECLMGAHDCSRRQFCVNTLGSFYCVNHTVLCADGYILNAHRKCVDINECVTDLHTCSRGEHCVNTLGSFHCYKALTCEPGYALKDGECEDVDECAMGTHTCQPGFLCQNTKGSFYCQARQRCMDGFLQDPEGNCVDINECTSLSEPCRPGFSCINTVGSYTCQRNPLICARGYHASDDGTKCVDVNECETGVHRCGEGQVCHNLPGSYRCDCKAGFQRDAFGRGCIDVNECWASPGRLCQHTCENTLGSYRCSCASGFLLAADGKRCEDVNECEAQRCSQECANIYGSYQCYCRQGYQLAEDGHTCTDIDECAQGAGILCTFRCLNVPGSYQCACPEQGYTMTANGRSCKDVDECALGTHNCSEAETCHNIQGSFRCLRFECPPNYVQVSKTKCERTTCHDFLECQNSPARITHYQLNFQTGLLVPAHIFRIGPAPAFTGDTIALNIIKGNEEGYFGTRRLNAYTGVVYLQRAVLEPRDFALDVEMKLWRQGSVTTFLAKMHIFFTTFAL*|MVLLWEPAGAWLALGLALALGPSVAAAAPRQDCTGVECPPLENCIEEALEPGACCATCVQQGCACEGYQYYDCLQGGFVRGRVPAGQSYFVDFGSTECSCPPGGGKISCQFMLCPELPPNCIEAVVVADSCPQCGQVGCVHAGHKYAAGHTVHLPPCRACHCPDAGGELICYQLPGCHGNFSDAEEGDPERHYEDPYSYDQEVAEVEAATALGGEVQAGAVQAGAGGPPAALGGGSQPLSTIQAPPWPAVLPRPTAAAALGPPAPVQAKARRVTEDSEEEEEEEEEREEMAVTEQLAAGGHRGLDGLPTTAPAGPSLPIQEERAEAGARAEAGARPEENLILDAQATSRSTGPEGVTHAPSLGKAALVPTQAVPGSPRDPVKPSPHNILSTSLPDAAWIPPTREVPRKPQVLPHSHVEEDTDPNSVHSIPRSSPEGSTKDLIETCCAAGQQWAIDNDECLEIPESGTEDNVCRTAQRHCCVSYLQEKSCMAGVLGAKEGETCGAEDNDSCGISLYKQCCDCCGLGLRVRAEGQSCESNPNLGYPCNHVMLSCCEGEEPLIVPEVRRPPEPAAAPRRVSEAEMAGREALSLGTEAELPNSLPGDDQDECLLLPGELCQHLCINTVGSYHCACFPGFSLQDDGRTCRPEGHPPQPEAPQEPALKSEFSQVASNTIPLPLPQPNTCKDNGPCKQVCSTVGGSAICSCFPGYAIMADGVSCEDQDECLMGAHDCSRRQFCVNTLGSFYCVNHTVLCADGYILNAHRKCVDINECVTDLHTCSRGEHCVNTLGSFHCYKALTCEPGYALKDGECEDVDECAMGTHTCQPGFLCQNTKGSFYCQARQRCMDGFLQDPEGNCVDINECTSLSEPCRPGFSCINTVGSYTCQRNPLICARGYHASDDGTKCVDVNECETGVHRCGEGQVCHNLPGSYRCDCKAGFQRDAFGRGCIDVNECWASPGRLCQHTCENTLGSYRCSCASGFLLAADGKRCEDVNECEAQRCSQECANIYGSYQCYCRQGYQLAEDGHTCTDIDECAQGAGILCTFRCLNVPGSYQCACPEQGYTMTANGRSCKDVDECALGTHNCSEAETCNNIQGSFRCLRFECPPNYVQVSKTKCERTTCHDFLECQNSPARITHYQLNFQTGLLVPAHIFRIGPAPAFTGDTIALNIIKGNEEGYFGTRRLNAYTGVVYLQRAVLEPRDFALDVEMKLWRQGSVTTFLAKMHIFFTTFAL*
chr3:13636498:C/A:1	chr3	13636498	C|A	1	FBLN2	NM_001165035	2199	coding	3650	3268	1090	H>N	nonsyn	None	MVLLWEPAGAWLALGLALALGPSVAAAAPRQDCTGVECPPLENCIEEALEPGACCATCVQQGCACEGYQYYDCLQGGFVRGRVPAGQSYFVDFGSTECSCPPGGGKISCQFMLCPELPPNCIEAVVVADSCPQCGQVGCVHAGHKYAAGHTVHLPPCRACHCPDAGGELICYQLPGCHGNFSDAEEGDPERHYEDPYSYDQEVAEVEAATALGGEVQAGAVQAGAGGPPAALGGGSQPLSTIQAPPWPAVLPRPTAAAALGPPAPVQAKARRVTEDSEEEEEEEEEREEMAVTEQLAAGGHRGLDGLPTTAPAGPSLPIQEERAEAGARAEAGARPEENLILDAQATSRSTGPEGVTHAPSLGKAALVPTQAVPGSPRDPVKPSPHNILSTSLPDAAWIPPTREVPRKPQVLPHSHVEEDTDPNSVHSIPRSSPEGSTKDLIETCCAAGQQWAIDNDECLEIPESGTEDNVCRTAQRHCCVSYLQEKSCMAGVLGAKEGETCGAEDNDSCGISLYKQCCDCCGLGLRVRAEGQSCESNPNLGYPCNHVMLSCCEGEEPLIVPEVRRPPEPAAAPRRVSEAEMAGREALSLGTEAELPNSLPGDDQDECLLLPGELCQHLCINTVGSYHCACFPGFSLQDDGRTCRPEGHPPQPEAPQEPALKSEFSQVASNTIPLPLPQPNTCKDNGPCKQVCSTVGGSAICSCFPGYAIMADGVSCEDQDECLMGAHDCSRRQFCVNTLGSFYCVNHTVLCADGYILNAHRKCVDINECVTDLHTCSRGEHCVNTLGSFHCYKALTCEPGYALKDGECEDVDECAMGTHTCQPGFLCQNTKGSFYCQARQRCMDGFLQDPEGNCVDINECTSLSEPCRPGFSCINTVGSYTCQRNPLICARGYHASDDGTKCVDVNECETGVHRCGEGQVCHNLPGSYRCDCKAGFQRDAFGRGCIDVNECWASPGRLCQHTCENTLGSYRCSCASGFLLAADGKRCEDVNECEAQRCSQECANIYGSYQCYCRQGYQLAEDGHTCTDIDECAQGAGILCTFRCLNVPGSYQCACPEQGYTMTANGRSCKDVDECALGTHNCSEAETCHNIQGSFRCLRFECPPNYVQVSKTKCERTTCHDFLECQNSPARITHYQLNFQTGLLVPAHIFRIGPAPAFTGDTIALNIIKGNEEGYFGTRRLNAYTGVVYLQRAVLEPRDFALDVEMKLWRQGSVTTFLAKMHIFFTTFAL*|MVLLWEPAGAWLALGLALALGPSVAAAAPRQDCTGVECPPLENCIEEALEPGACCATCVQQGCACEGYQYYDCLQGGFVRGRVPAGQSYFVDFGSTECSCPPGGGKISCQFMLCPELPPNCIEAVVVADSCPQCGQVGCVHAGHKYAAGHTVHLPPCRACHCPDAGGELICYQLPGCHGNFSDAEEGDPERHYEDPYSYDQEVAEVEAATALGGEVQAGAVQAGAGGPPAALGGGSQPLSTIQAPPWPAVLPRPTAAAALGPPAPVQAKARRVTEDSEEEEEEEEEREEMAVTEQLAAGGHRGLDGLPTTAPAGPSLPIQEERAEAGARAEAGARPEENLILDAQATSRSTGPEGVTHAPSLGKAALVPTQAVPGSPRDPVKPSPHNILSTSLPDAAWIPPTREVPRKPQVLPHSHVEEDTDPNSVHSIPRSSPEGSTKDLIETCCAAGQQWAIDNDECLEIPESGTEDNVCRTAQRHCCVSYLQEKSCMAGVLGAKEGETCGAEDNDSCGISLYKQCCDCCGLGLRVRAEGQSCESNPNLGYPCNHVMLSCCEGEEPLIVPEVRRPPEPAAAPRRVSEAEMAGREALSLGTEAELPNSLPGDDQDECLLLPGELCQHLCINTVGSYHCACFPGFSLQDDGRTCRPEGHPPQPEAPQEPALKSEFSQVASNTIPLPLPQPNTCKDNGPCKQVCSTVGGSAICSCFPGYAIMADGVSCEDQDECLMGAHDCSRRQFCVNTLGSFYCVNHTVLCADGYILNAHRKCVDINECVTDLHTCSRGEHCVNTLGSFHCYKALTCEPGYALKDGECEDVDECAMGTHTCQPGFLCQNTKGSFYCQARQRCMDGFLQDPEGNCVDINECTSLSEPCRPGFSCINTVGSYTCQRNPLICARGYHASDDGTKCVDVNECETGVHRCGEGQVCHNLPGSYRCDCKAGFQRDAFGRGCIDVNECWASPGRLCQHTCENTLGSYRCSCASGFLLAADGKRCEDVNECEAQRCSQECANIYGSYQCYCRQGYQLAEDGHTCTDIDECAQGAGILCTFRCLNVPGSYQCACPEQGYTMTANGRSCKDVDECALGTHNCSEAETCNNIQGSFRCLRFECPPNYVQVSKTKCERTTCHDFLECQNSPARITHYQLNFQTGLLVPAHIFRIGPAPAFTGDTIALNIIKGNEEGYFGTRRLNAYTGVVYLQRAVLEPRDFALDVEMKLWRQGSVTTFLAKMHIFFTTFAL*
chr3:13636498:C/A:1	chr3	13636498	C|A	1	FBLN2	NM_001998	2199	coding	3252	3127	1043	H>N	nonsyn	None	MVLLWEPAGAWLALGLALALGPSVAAAAPRQDCTGVECPPLENCIEEALEPGACCATCVQQGCACEGYQYYDCLQGGFVRGRVPAGQSYFVDFGSTECSCPPGGGKISCQFMLCPELPPNCIEAVVVADSCPQCGQVGCVHAGHKYAAGHTVHLPPCRACHCPDAGGELICYQLPGCHGNFSDAEEGDPERHYEDPYSYDQEVAEVEAATALGGEVQAGAVQAGAGGPPAALGGGSQPLSTIQAPPWPAVLPRPTAAAALGPPAPVQAKARRVTEDSEEEEEEEEEREEMAVTEQLAAGGHRGLDGLPTTAPAGPSLPIQEERAEAGARAEAGARPEENLILDAQATSRSTGPEGVTHAPSLGKAALVPTQAVPGSPRDPVKPSPHNILSTSLPDAAWIPPTREVPRKPQVLPHSHVEEDTDPNSVHSIPRSSPEGSTKDLIETCCAAGQQWAIDNDECLEIPESGTEDNVCRTAQRHCCVSYLQEKSCMAGVLGAKEGETCGAEDNDSCGISLYKQCCDCCGLGLRVRAEGQSCESNPNLGYPCNHVMLSCCEGEEPLIVPEVRRPPEPAAAPRRVSEAEMAGREALSLGTEAELPNSLPGDDQDECLLLPGELCQHLCINTVGSYHCACFPGFSLQDDGRTCRPEGHPPQPEAPQEPALKSEFSQVASNTIPLPLPQPNTCKDNGPCKQVCSTVGGSAICSCFPGYAIMADGVSCEDINECVTDLHTCSRGEHCVNTLGSFHCYKALTCEPGYALKDGECEDVDECAMGTHTCQPGFLCQNTKGSFYCQARQRCMDGFLQDPEGNCVDINECTSLSEPCRPGFSCINTVGSYTCQRNPLICARGYHASDDGTKCVDVNECETGVHRCGEGQVCHNLPGSYRCDCKAGFQRDAFGRGCIDVNECWASPGRLCQHTCENTLGSYRCSCASGFLLAADGKRCEDVNECEAQRCSQECANIYGSYQCYCRQGYQLAEDGHTCTDIDECAQGAGILCTFRCLNVPGSYQCACPEQGYTMTANGRSCKDVDECALGTHNCSEAETCHNIQGSFRCLRFECPPNYVQVSKTKCERTTCHDFLECQNSPARITHYQLNFQTGLLVPAHIFRIGPAPAFTGDTIALNIIKGNEEGYFGTRRLNAYTGVVYLQRAVLEPRDFALDVEMKLWRQGSVTTFLAKMHIFFTTFAL*|MVLLWEPAGAWLALGLALALGPSVAAAAPRQDCTGVECPPLENCIEEALEPGACCATCVQQGCACEGYQYYDCLQGGFVRGRVPAGQSYFVDFGSTECSCPPGGGKISCQFMLCPELPPNCIEAVVVADSCPQCGQVGCVHAGHKYAAGHTVHLPPCRACHCPDAGGELICYQLPGCHGNFSDAEEGDPERHYEDPYSYDQEVAEVEAATALGGEVQAGAVQAGAGGPPAALGGGSQPLSTIQAPPWPAVLPRPTAAAALGPPAPVQAKARRVTEDSEEEEEEEEEREEMAVTEQLAAGGHRGLDGLPTTAPAGPSLPIQEERAEAGARAEAGARPEENLILDAQATSRSTGPEGVTHAPSLGKAALVPTQAVPGSPRDPVKPSPHNILSTSLPDAAWIPPTREVPRKPQVLPHSHVEEDTDPNSVHSIPRSSPEGSTKDLIETCCAAGQQWAIDNDECLEIPESGTEDNVCRTAQRHCCVSYLQEKSCMAGVLGAKEGETCGAEDNDSCGISLYKQCCDCCGLGLRVRAEGQSCESNPNLGYPCNHVMLSCCEGEEPLIVPEVRRPPEPAAAPRRVSEAEMAGREALSLGTEAELPNSLPGDDQDECLLLPGELCQHLCINTVGSYHCACFPGFSLQDDGRTCRPEGHPPQPEAPQEPALKSEFSQVASNTIPLPLPQPNTCKDNGPCKQVCSTVGGSAICSCFPGYAIMADGVSCEDINECVTDLHTCSRGEHCVNTLGSFHCYKALTCEPGYALKDGECEDVDECAMGTHTCQPGFLCQNTKGSFYCQARQRCMDGFLQDPEGNCVDINECTSLSEPCRPGFSCINTVGSYTCQRNPLICARGYHASDDGTKCVDVNECETGVHRCGEGQVCHNLPGSYRCDCKAGFQRDAFGRGCIDVNECWASPGRLCQHTCENTLGSYRCSCASGFLLAADGKRCEDVNECEAQRCSQECANIYGSYQCYCRQGYQLAEDGHTCTDIDECAQGAGILCTFRCLNVPGSYQCACPEQGYTMTANGRSCKDVDECALGTHNCSEAETCNNIQGSFRCLRFECPPNYVQVSKTKCERTTCHDFLECQNSPARITHYQLNFQTGLLVPAHIFRIGPAPAFTGDTIALNIIKGNEEGYFGTRRLNAYTGVVYLQRAVLEPRDFALDVEMKLWRQGSVTTFLAKMHIFFTTFAL*
chr3:13716974:G/C:1	chr3	13716974	G|C	1	LINC00620	NR_027103	285375	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	714	None
chr3:13816735:G/A:1	chr3	13816735	G|A	1	WNT7A	NM_004625	7476	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr3:13816744:T/C:1	chr3	13816744	T|C	1	WNT7A	NM_004625	7476	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr3:15246713:A/C:1	chr3	15246713	A|C	1	CAPN7	NM_014296	23473	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19	None
chr3:20072202:A/T:1	chr3	20072202	A|T	1	KAT2B	NM_003884	8850	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	131	None
chr3:33602979:G/T:1	chr3	33602979	G|T	1	CLASP2	NM_001207044	23122	coding	1888	1198	400	L>M	nonsyn	None	MAMGDDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGALNAGSYASLEDTSDKLDGTASEDGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLASRHHSRSTGALYAPEVYGASGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*|MAMGDDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGAMNAGSYASLEDTSDKLDGTASEDGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLASRHHSRSTGALYAPEVYGASGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*
chr3:33602979:G/T:1	chr3	33602979	G|T	1	CLASP2	NM_001365627	23122	coding	2149	1897	633	L>M	nonsyn	None	MEPRSMEYFCAQVQQKDVGGRLQVGQELLLYLGAPGAISDLEEDLGRLGKTVDALTGWVGSSNYRVSLMGLEILSAFVDRLSTRFKSYVAMVIVALIDRMGDAKDKVRDEAQTLILKLMDQVAPPMYIWEQLASGFKHKNFRSREGVCLCLIETLNIFGAQPLVISKLIPHLCILFGDSNSQVRDAAILAIVEIYRHVGEKVRMDLYKRGIPPARLEMIFAKFDEVQSSGGMILSVCKDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGALNAGSYASLEDTSDKLDGTASEDGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLASRHHSRSTGALYAPEVYGASGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*|MEPRSMEYFCAQVQQKDVGGRLQVGQELLLYLGAPGAISDLEEDLGRLGKTVDALTGWVGSSNYRVSLMGLEILSAFVDRLSTRFKSYVAMVIVALIDRMGDAKDKVRDEAQTLILKLMDQVAPPMYIWEQLASGFKHKNFRSREGVCLCLIETLNIFGAQPLVISKLIPHLCILFGDSNSQVRDAAILAIVEIYRHVGEKVRMDLYKRGIPPARLEMIFAKFDEVQSSGGMILSVCKDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGAMNAGSYASLEDTSDKLDGTASEDGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLASRHHSRSTGALYAPEVYGASGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*
chr3:33602979:G/T:1	chr3	33602979	G|T	1	CLASP2	NM_001365628	23122	coding	2152	1900	634	L>M	nonsyn	None	MEPRSMEYFCAQVQQKDVGGRLQVGQELLLYLGAPGAISDLEEDLGRLGKTVDALTGWVGSSNYRVSLMGLEILSAFVDRLSTRFKSYVAMVIVALIDRMGDAKDKVRDEAQTLILKLMDQVAPPMYIWEQLASGFKHKNFRSREGVCLCLIETLNIFGAQPLVISKLIPHLCILFGDSNSQVRDAAILAIVEIYRHVGEKVRMDLYKRGIPPARLEMIFAKFDEVQSSGGMILSVCKDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGAGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGALNAGSYASLEDTSDKLDGTASEDGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLASRHHSRSTGALYAPEVYGASGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALLLGDIRTKKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*|MEPRSMEYFCAQVQQKDVGGRLQVGQELLLYLGAPGAISDLEEDLGRLGKTVDALTGWVGSSNYRVSLMGLEILSAFVDRLSTRFKSYVAMVIVALIDRMGDAKDKVRDEAQTLILKLMDQVAPPMYIWEQLASGFKHKNFRSREGVCLCLIETLNIFGAQPLVISKLIPHLCILFGDSNSQVRDAAILAIVEIYRHVGEKVRMDLYKRGIPPARLEMIFAKFDEVQSSGGMILSVCKDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGAGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGAMNAGSYASLEDTSDKLDGTASEDGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLASRHHSRSTGALYAPEVYGASGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALLLGDIRTKKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*
chr3:33602979:G/T:1	chr3	33602979	G|T	1	CLASP2	NM_001365629	23122	coding	2149	1897	633	L>M	nonsyn	None	MEPRSMEYFCAQVQQKDVGGRLQVGQELLLYLGAPGAISDLEEDLGRLGKTVDALTGWVGSSNYRVSLMGLEILSAFVDRLSTRFKSYVAMVIVALIDRMGDAKDKVRDEAQTLILKLMDQVAPPMYIWEQLASGFKHKNFRSREGVCLCLIETLNIFGAQPLVISKLIPHLCILFGDSNSQVRDAAILAIVEIYRHVGEKVRMDLYKRGIPPARLEMIFAKFDEVQSSGGMILSVCKDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGALNAGSYASLEDTSDKLDGTASEDGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLASRHHSRSTGALYAPEVYGASGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALLLGDIRTKKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*|MEPRSMEYFCAQVQQKDVGGRLQVGQELLLYLGAPGAISDLEEDLGRLGKTVDALTGWVGSSNYRVSLMGLEILSAFVDRLSTRFKSYVAMVIVALIDRMGDAKDKVRDEAQTLILKLMDQVAPPMYIWEQLASGFKHKNFRSREGVCLCLIETLNIFGAQPLVISKLIPHLCILFGDSNSQVRDAAILAIVEIYRHVGEKVRMDLYKRGIPPARLEMIFAKFDEVQSSGGMILSVCKDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGAMNAGSYASLEDTSDKLDGTASEDGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLASRHHSRSTGALYAPEVYGASGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALLLGDIRTKKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*
chr3:33602979:G/T:1	chr3	33602979	G|T	1	CLASP2	NM_001365630	23122	coding	2149	1897	633	L>M	nonsyn	None	MEPRSMEYFCAQVQQKDVGGRLQVGQELLLYLGAPGAISDLEEDLGRLGKTVDALTGWVGSSNYRVSLMGLEILSAFVDRLSTRFKSYVAMVIVALIDRMGDAKDKVRDEAQTLILKLMDQVAPPMYIWEQLASGFKHKNFRSREGVCLCLIETLNIFGAQPLVISKLIPHLCILFGDSNSQVRDAAILAIVEIYRHVGEKVRMDLYKRGIPPARLEMIFAKFDEVQSSGGMILSVCKDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGALNAGSYASLGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKTVKPALRDQLHSFWSSKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*|MEPRSMEYFCAQVQQKDVGGRLQVGQELLLYLGAPGAISDLEEDLGRLGKTVDALTGWVGSSNYRVSLMGLEILSAFVDRLSTRFKSYVAMVIVALIDRMGDAKDKVRDEAQTLILKLMDQVAPPMYIWEQLASGFKHKNFRSREGVCLCLIETLNIFGAQPLVISKLIPHLCILFGDSNSQVRDAAILAIVEIYRHVGEKVRMDLYKRGIPPARLEMIFAKFDEVQSSGGMILSVCKDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGAMNAGSYASLGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKTVKPALRDQLHSFWSSKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*
chr3:33602979:G/T:1	chr3	33602979	G|T	1	CLASP2	NM_001365631	23122	coding	2149	1897	633	L>M	nonsyn	None	MEPRSMEYFCAQVQQKDVGGRLQVGQELLLYLGAPGAISDLEEDLGRLGKTVDALTGWVGSSNYRVSLMGLEILSAFVDRLSTRFKSYVAMVIVALIDRMGDAKDKVRDEAQTLILKLMDQVAPPMYIWEQLASGFKHKNFRSREGVCLCLIETLNIFGAQPLVISKLIPHLCILFGDSNSQVRDAAILAIVEIYRHVGEKVRMDLYKRGIPPARLEMIFAKFDEVQSSGGMILSVCKDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGALNAGSYASLEDTSDKLDGTASEDGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*|MEPRSMEYFCAQVQQKDVGGRLQVGQELLLYLGAPGAISDLEEDLGRLGKTVDALTGWVGSSNYRVSLMGLEILSAFVDRLSTRFKSYVAMVIVALIDRMGDAKDKVRDEAQTLILKLMDQVAPPMYIWEQLASGFKHKNFRSREGVCLCLIETLNIFGAQPLVISKLIPHLCILFGDSNSQVRDAAILAIVEIYRHVGEKVRMDLYKRGIPPARLEMIFAKFDEVQSSGGMILSVCKDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGAMNAGSYASLEDTSDKLDGTASEDGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*
chr3:33602979:G/T:1	chr3	33602979	G|T	1	CLASP2	NM_001365632	23122	coding	2149	1897	633	L>M	nonsyn	None	MEPRSMEYFCAQVQQKDVGGRLQVGQELLLYLGAPGAISDLEEDLGRLGKTVDALTGWVGSSNYRVSLMGLEILSAFVDRLSTRFKSYVAMVIVALIDRMGDAKDKVRDEAQTLILKLMDQVAPPMYIWEQLASGFKHKNFRSREGVCLCLIETLNIFGAQPLVISKLIPHLCILFGDSNSQVRDAAILAIVEIYRHVGEKVRMDLYKRGIPPARLEMIFAKFDEVQSSGGMILSVCKDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGALNAGSYASLEDTSDKLDGTASEDGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*|MEPRSMEYFCAQVQQKDVGGRLQVGQELLLYLGAPGAISDLEEDLGRLGKTVDALTGWVGSSNYRVSLMGLEILSAFVDRLSTRFKSYVAMVIVALIDRMGDAKDKVRDEAQTLILKLMDQVAPPMYIWEQLASGFKHKNFRSREGVCLCLIETLNIFGAQPLVISKLIPHLCILFGDSNSQVRDAAILAIVEIYRHVGEKVRMDLYKRGIPPARLEMIFAKFDEVQSSGGMILSVCKDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGAMNAGSYASLEDTSDKLDGTASEDGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*
chr3:33602979:G/T:1	chr3	33602979	G|T	1	CLASP2	NM_001365633	23122	coding	2152	1900	634	L>M	nonsyn	None	MEPRSMEYFCAQVQQKDVGGRLQVGQELLLYLGAPGAISDLEEDLGRLGKTVDALTGWVGSSNYRVSLMGLEILSAFVDRLSTRFKSYVAMVIVALIDRMGDAKDKVRDEAQTLILKLMDQVAPPMYIWEQLASGFKHKNFRSREGVCLCLIETLNIFGAQPLVISKLIPHLCILFGDSNSQVRDAAILAIVEIYRHVGEKVRMDLYKRGIPPARLEMIFAKFDEVQSSGGMILSVCKDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGAGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGALNAGSYASLGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*|MEPRSMEYFCAQVQQKDVGGRLQVGQELLLYLGAPGAISDLEEDLGRLGKTVDALTGWVGSSNYRVSLMGLEILSAFVDRLSTRFKSYVAMVIVALIDRMGDAKDKVRDEAQTLILKLMDQVAPPMYIWEQLASGFKHKNFRSREGVCLCLIETLNIFGAQPLVISKLIPHLCILFGDSNSQVRDAAILAIVEIYRHVGEKVRMDLYKRGIPPARLEMIFAKFDEVQSSGGMILSVCKDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGAGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGAMNAGSYASLGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*
chr3:33602979:G/T:1	chr3	33602979	G|T	1	CLASP2	NM_001365634	23122	coding	2149	1897	633	L>M	nonsyn	None	MEPRSMEYFCAQVQQKDVGGRLQVGQELLLYLGAPGAISDLEEDLGRLGKTVDALTGWVGSSNYRVSLMGLEILSAFVDRLSTRFKSYVAMVIVALIDRMGDAKDKVRDEAQTLILKLMDQVAPPMYIWEQLASGFKHKNFRSREGVCLCLIETLNIFGAQPLVISKLIPHLCILFGDSNSQVRDAAILAIVEIYRHVGEKVRMDLYKRGIPPARLEMIFAKFDEVQSSGGMILSVCKDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGALNAGSYASLGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*|MEPRSMEYFCAQVQQKDVGGRLQVGQELLLYLGAPGAISDLEEDLGRLGKTVDALTGWVGSSNYRVSLMGLEILSAFVDRLSTRFKSYVAMVIVALIDRMGDAKDKVRDEAQTLILKLMDQVAPPMYIWEQLASGFKHKNFRSREGVCLCLIETLNIFGAQPLVISKLIPHLCILFGDSNSQVRDAAILAIVEIYRHVGEKVRMDLYKRGIPPARLEMIFAKFDEVQSSGGMILSVCKDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGAMNAGSYASLGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*
chr3:33602979:G/T:1	chr3	33602979	G|T	1	CLASP2	NM_015097	23122	coding	2152	1900	634	L>M	nonsyn	None	MEPRSMEYFCAQVQQKDVGGRLQVGQELLLYLGAPGAISDLEEDLGRLGKTVDALTGWVGSSNYRVSLMGLEILSAFVDRLSTRFKSYVAMVIVALIDRMGDAKDKVRDEAQTLILKLMDQVAPPMYIWEQLASGFKHKNFRSREGVCLCLIETLNIFGAQPLVISKLIPHLCILFGDSNSQVRDAAILAIVEIYRHVGEKVRMDLYKRGIPPARLEMIFAKFDEVQSSGGMILSVCKDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGAGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGALNAGSYASLEDTSDKLDGTASEDGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALLLGDIRTKKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*|MEPRSMEYFCAQVQQKDVGGRLQVGQELLLYLGAPGAISDLEEDLGRLGKTVDALTGWVGSSNYRVSLMGLEILSAFVDRLSTRFKSYVAMVIVALIDRMGDAKDKVRDEAQTLILKLMDQVAPPMYIWEQLASGFKHKNFRSREGVCLCLIETLNIFGAQPLVISKLIPHLCILFGDSNSQVRDAAILAIVEIYRHVGEKVRMDLYKRGIPPARLEMIFAKFDEVQSSGGMILSVCKDKSFDDEESVDGNRPSSAASAFKVPAPKTSGNPANSARKPGSAGGPKVGAGASKEGGAGAVDEDDFIKAFTDVPSIQIYSSRELEETLNKIREILSDDKHDWDQRANALKKIRSLLVAGAAQYDCFFQHLRLLDGALKLSAKDLRSQVVREACITVAHLSTVLGNKFDHGAEAIVPTLFNLVPNSAKVMATSGCAAIRFIIRHTHVPRLIPLITSNCTSKSVPVRRRSFEFLDLLLQEWQTHSLERHAAVLVETIKKGIHDADAEARVEARKTYMGLRNHFPGEAETLYNSLEPSYQKSLQTYLKSSGSVASLPQSDRSSSSSQESLNRPFSSKWSTANPSTVAGRVSAGSSKASSLPGSLQRSRSDIDVNAAAGAKAHHAAGQSVRSGRLGAGAMNAGSYASLEDTSDKLDGTASEDGRVRAKLSAPLAGMGNAKADSRGRSRTKMVSQSQPGSRSGSPGRVLTTTALSTVSSGVQRVLVNSASAQKRSKIPRSQGCSREASPSRLSVARSSRIPRPSVSQGCSREASRESSRDTSPVRSFQPLGPGYGISQSSRLSSSVSAMRVLNTGSDVEEAVADALLLGDIRTKKKPARRRYESYGMHSDDDANSDASSACSERSYSSRNGSIPTYMRQTEDVAEVLNRCASSNWSERKEGLLGLQNLLKNQRTLSRVELKRLCEIFTRMFADPHGKVVFSMFLETLVDFIQVHKDDLQDWLFVLLTQLLKKMGADLLGSVQAKVQKALDVTRESFPNDLQFNILMRFTVDQTQTPSLKVKVAILKYIETLAKQMDPGDFINSSETRLAVSRVITWTTEPKSSDVRKAAQSVLISLFELNTPEFTMLLGALPKTFQDGATKLLHNHLRNTGNGTQSSMGSPLTRPTPRSPANWSSPLTSPTNTSQNTLSPSAFDYDTENMNSEDIYSSLRGVTEAIQNFSFRSQEDMNEPLKRDSKKDDGDSMCGGPGMSDPRAGGDATDSSQTALDNKASLLHSMPTHSSPRSRDYNPYNYSDSISPFNKSALKEAMFDDDADQFPDDLSLDHSDLVAELLKELSNHNERVEERKIALYELMKLTQEESFSVWDEHFKTILLLLLETLGDKEPTIRALALKVLREILRHQPARFKNYAELTVMKTLEAHKDPHKEVVRSAEEAASVLATSISPEQCIKVLCPIIQTADYPINLAAIKMQTKVIERVSKETLNLLLPEIMPGLIQGYDNSESSVRKACVFCLVAVHAVIGDELKPHLSQLTGSKMKLLNLYIKRAQTGSGGADPTTDVSGQS*
chr3:37108555:A/T:1	chr3	37108555	A|T	1	LRRFIP2	NM_001282691	9209	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	82	None
chr3:37108555:A/T:1	chr3	37108555	A|T	1	LRRFIP2	NM_001348299	9209	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11895	None
chr3:37108555:A/T:1	chr3	37108555	A|T	1	LRRFIP2	NM_001348300	9209	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11895	None
chr3:37108555:A/T:1	chr3	37108555	A|T	1	LRRFIP2	NM_001348303	9209	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11895	None
chr3:37108555:A/T:1	chr3	37108555	A|T	1	LRRFIP2	NM_001134369	9209	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11895	None
chr3:37108555:A/T:1	chr3	37108555	A|T	1	LRRFIP2	NM_001348301	9209	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11895	None
chr3:37108555:A/T:1	chr3	37108555	A|T	1	LRRFIP2	NM_001348302	9209	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11895	None
chr3:37108555:A/T:1	chr3	37108555	A|T	1	LRRFIP2	NM_001348304	9209	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11895	None
chr3:37108555:A/T:1	chr3	37108555	A|T	1	LRRFIP2	NM_001348305	9209	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11895	None
chr3:37108555:A/T:1	chr3	37108555	A|T	1	LRRFIP2	NM_001348306	9209	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11895	None
chr3:37108555:A/T:1	chr3	37108555	A|T	1	LRRFIP2	NM_001348307	9209	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11895	None
chr3:37108555:A/T:1	chr3	37108555	A|T	1	LRRFIP2	NM_001348308	9209	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11895	None
chr3:37108555:A/T:1	chr3	37108555	A|T	1	LRRFIP2	NM_001348309	9209	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11895	None
chr3:37108555:A/T:1	chr3	37108555	A|T	1	LRRFIP2	NM_001348310	9209	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11895	None
chr3:37108555:A/T:1	chr3	37108555	A|T	1	LRRFIP2	NM_001348311	9209	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11895	None
chr3:37108555:A/T:1	chr3	37108555	A|T	1	LRRFIP2	NM_017724	9209	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11895	None
chr3:37108555:A/T:1	chr3	37108555	A|T	1	LRRFIP2	NM_001348297	9209	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	82	None
chr3:37108555:A/T:1	chr3	37108555	A|T	1	LRRFIP2	NM_001348298	9209	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	82	None
chr3:37108555:A/T:1	chr3	37108555	A|T	1	LRRFIP2	NM_006309	9209	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	82	None
chr3:37396355:C/A:1	chr3	37396355	C|A	1	C3orf35	NM_178344	339883	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9985	None
chr3:38986414:G/T:1	chr3	38986414	G|T	1	SCN11A	NM_001349253	11280	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25991	None
chr3:42634585:A/T:1	chr3	42634585	A|T	1	LOC101928323	NR_125400	101928323	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10773	None
chr3:42634585:A/T:1	chr3	42634585	A|T	1	NKTR	NM_001349124	4820	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	28	None
chr3:42634585:A/T:1	chr3	42634585	A|T	1	NKTR	NM_001349125	4820	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	28	None
chr3:42634585:A/T:1	chr3	42634585	A|T	1	NKTR	NM_005385	4820	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	28	None
chr3:42634585:A/T:1	chr3	42634585	A|T	1	NKTR	NM_001349126	4820	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr3:45595947:T/C:1	chr3	45595947	T|C	1	LIMD1	NM_014240	8994	coding	1197	1068	356	G>G	syn	None	MDKYDDLGLEASKFIEDLNMYEASKDGLFRVDKGAGNNPEFEETRRVFATKMAKIHLQQQQQQLLQEETLPRGSRGPVNGGGRLGPQARWEVVGSKLTVDGAAKPPLAASTGAPGAVTTLAAGQPPYPPQEQRSRPYLHGTRHGSQDCGSRESLATSEMSAFHQPGPCEDPSCLTHGDYYDNLSLASPKWGDKPGVSPSIGLSVGSGWPSSPGSDPPLPKPCGDHPLNHRQLSLSSSRSSEGSLGGQNSGIGGRSSEKPTGLWSTASSQRVSPGLPSPNLENGAPAVGPVQPRTPSVSAPLALSCPRQGGLPRSNSGLGGEVSGVMSKPNVDPQPWFQDGPKSYLSSSAPSSSPAGLDGSQQGAVPGLGPKPGCTDLGTGPKLSPTSLVHPVMSTLPELSCKEGPLGWSSDGSLGSVLLDSPSSPRVRLPCQPLVPGPELRPSAAELKLEALTQRLEREMDAHPKADYFGACVKCSKGVFGAGQACQAMGNLYHDTCFTCAACSRKLRGKAFYFVNGKVFCEEDFLYSGFQQSADRCFLCGHLIMDMILQALGKSYHPGCFRCVICNECLDGVPFTVDSENKIYCVRDYHKVLAPKCAACGLPILPPEGSDETIRVVSMDRDYHVECYHCEDCGLELNDEDGHRCYPLEDHLFCHSCHVKRLEKRPSSTALHQHHF*
chr3:45665554:A/T:1	chr3	45665554	A|T	1	LIMD1	NM_014240	8994	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	96	None
chr3:47334884:A/C:1	chr3	47334884	A|C	1	KLHL18	NM_025010	23276	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65	None
chr3:48225051:G/T:1	chr3	48225051	G|T	1	CAMP	NM_004345	820	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	242	None
chr3:48421052:G/A:1	chr3	48421052	G|A	1	PLXNB1	NM_001130082	5364	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	96	None
chr3:48421052:G/A:1	chr3	48421052	G|A	1	PLXNB1	NM_002673	5364	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	96	None
chr3:48655220:C/A:1	chr3	48655220	C|A	1	CELSR3	NM_001407	1951	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19	None
chr3:50092208:G/T:1	chr3	50092208	G|T	1	RBM5	NM_005778	10181	coding	358	183	61	E>D	nonsyn	None	MGSDKRVSRTERSGRYGSIIDRDDRDERESRSRRRDSDYKRSSDDRRGDRYDDYRDYDSPERERERRNSDRSEDGYHSDGDYGEHDYRHDISDERESKTIMLRGLPITITESDIREMMESFEGPQPADVRLMKRKTGVSRGFAFVEFYHLQDATSWMEANQKKLVIQGKHIAMHYSNPRPKFEDWLCNKCCLNNFRKRLKCFRCGADKFDSEQEVPPGTTESVQSVDYYCDTIILRNIAPHTVVDSIMTALSPYASLAVNNIRLIKDKQTQQNRGFAFVQLSSAMDASQLLQILQSLHPPLKIDGKTIGVDFAKSARKDLVLSDGNRVSAFSVASTAIAAAQWSSTQSQSGEGGSVDYSYLQPGQDGYAQYAQYSQDYQQFYQQQAGGLESDASSASGTAVTTTSAAVVSQSPQLYNQTSNPPGSPTEEAQPSTSTSTQAPAASPTGVVPGTKYAVPDTSTYQYDESSGYYYDPTTGLYYDPNSQYYYNSLTQQYLYWDGEKETYVPAAESSSHQQSGLPPAKEGKEKKEKPKSKTAQQIAKDMERWAKSLNKQKENFKNSFQPVNSLREEERRESAAADAGFALFEKKGALAERQQLIPELVRNGDEENPLKRGLVAAYSGDSDNEEELVERLESEEEKLADWKKMACLLCRRQFPNKDALVRHQQLSDLHKQNMDIYRRSRLSEQELEALELREREMKYRDRAAERREKYGIPEPPEPKRKKQFDAGTVNYEQPTKDGIDHSNIGNKMLQAMGWREGSGLGRKCQGITAPIEAQVRLKGAGLGAKGSAYGLSGADSYKDAVRKAMFARFTEME*|MGSDKRVSRTERSGRYGSIIDRDDRDERESRSRRRDSDYKRSSDDRRGDRYDDYRDYDSPDRERERRNSDRSEDGYHSDGDYGEHDYRHDISDERESKTIMLRGLPITITESDIREMMESFEGPQPADVRLMKRKTGVSRGFAFVEFYHLQDATSWMEANQKKLVIQGKHIAMHYSNPRPKFEDWLCNKCCLNNFRKRLKCFRCGADKFDSEQEVPPGTTESVQSVDYYCDTIILRNIAPHTVVDSIMTALSPYASLAVNNIRLIKDKQTQQNRGFAFVQLSSAMDASQLLQILQSLHPPLKIDGKTIGVDFAKSARKDLVLSDGNRVSAFSVASTAIAAAQWSSTQSQSGEGGSVDYSYLQPGQDGYAQYAQYSQDYQQFYQQQAGGLESDASSASGTAVTTTSAAVVSQSPQLYNQTSNPPGSPTEEAQPSTSTSTQAPAASPTGVVPGTKYAVPDTSTYQYDESSGYYYDPTTGLYYDPNSQYYYNSLTQQYLYWDGEKETYVPAAESSSHQQSGLPPAKEGKEKKEKPKSKTAQQIAKDMERWAKSLNKQKENFKNSFQPVNSLREEERRESAAADAGFALFEKKGALAERQQLIPELVRNGDEENPLKRGLVAAYSGDSDNEEELVERLESEEEKLADWKKMACLLCRRQFPNKDALVRHQQLSDLHKQNMDIYRRSRLSEQELEALELREREMKYRDRAAERREKYGIPEPPEPKRKKQFDAGTVNYEQPTKDGIDHSNIGNKMLQAMGWREGSGLGRKCQGITAPIEAQVRLKGAGLGAKGSAYGLSGADSYKDAVRKAMFARFTEME*
chr3:50092208:G/T:1	chr3	50092208	G|T	1	RBM5	NR_036627	10181	non-coding	358	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr3:50115335:C/A:1	chr3	50115335	C|A	1	SEMA3F-AS1	NR_135301	100129060	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr3:50115335:C/A:1	chr3	50115335	C|A	1	RBM5	NM_005778	10181	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr3:50115335:C/A:1	chr3	50115335	C|A	1	RBM5	NR_036627	10181	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr3:51945531:G/A:1	chr3	51945531	G|A	1	PARP3	NM_001003931	10039	coding	1304	919	307	A>T	nonsyn	None	MSLLFLAMAPKPKPWVQTEGPEKKKGRQAGREEDPFRSTAEALKAIPAEKRIIRVDPTCPLSSNPGTQVYEDYNCTLNQTNIENNNNKFYIIQLLQDSNRFFTCWNRWGRVGEVGQSKINHFTRLEDAKKDFEKKFREKTKNNWAERDHFVSHPGKYTLIEVQAEDEAQEAVVKVDRGPVRTVTKRVQPCSLDPATQKLITNIFSKEMFKNTMALMDLDVKKMPLGKLSKQQIARGFEALEALEEALKGPTDGGQSLEELSSHFYTVIPHNFGHSQPPPINSPELLQAKKDMLLVLADIELAQALQAVSEQEKTVEEVPHPLDRDYQLLKCQLQLLDSGAPEYKVIQTYLEQTGSNHRCPTLQHIWKVNQEGEEDRFQAHSKLGNRKLLWHGTNMAVVAAILTSGLRIMPHSGGRVGKGIYFASENSKSAGYVIGMKCGAHHVGYMFLGEVALGREHHINTDNPSLKSPPPGFDSVIARGHTEPDPTQDTELELDGQQVVVPQGQPVPCPEFSSSTFSQSEYLIYQESQCRLRYLLEVHL*|MSLLFLAMAPKPKPWVQTEGPEKKKGRQAGREEDPFRSTAEALKAIPAEKRIIRVDPTCPLSSNPGTQVYEDYNCTLNQTNIENNNNKFYIIQLLQDSNRFFTCWNRWGRVGEVGQSKINHFTRLEDAKKDFEKKFREKTKNNWAERDHFVSHPGKYTLIEVQAEDEAQEAVVKVDRGPVRTVTKRVQPCSLDPATQKLITNIFSKEMFKNTMALMDLDVKKMPLGKLSKQQIARGFEALEALEEALKGPTDGGQSLEELSSHFYTVIPHNFGHSQPPPINSPELLQAKKDMLLVLADIELAQALQTVSEQEKTVEEVPHPLDRDYQLLKCQLQLLDSGAPEYKVIQTYLEQTGSNHRCPTLQHIWKVNQEGEEDRFQAHSKLGNRKLLWHGTNMAVVAAILTSGLRIMPHSGGRVGKGIYFASENSKSAGYVIGMKCGAHHVGYMFLGEVALGREHHINTDNPSLKSPPPGFDSVIARGHTEPDPTQDTELELDGQQVVVPQGQPVPCPEFSSSTFSQSEYLIYQESQCRLRYLLEVHL*
chr3:51945531:G/A:1	chr3	51945531	G|A	1	PARP3	NM_005485	10039	coding	1309	898	300	A>T	nonsyn	None	MAPKPKPWVQTEGPEKKKGRQAGREEDPFRSTAEALKAIPAEKRIIRVDPTCPLSSNPGTQVYEDYNCTLNQTNIENNNNKFYIIQLLQDSNRFFTCWNRWGRVGEVGQSKINHFTRLEDAKKDFEKKFREKTKNNWAERDHFVSHPGKYTLIEVQAEDEAQEAVVKVDRGPVRTVTKRVQPCSLDPATQKLITNIFSKEMFKNTMALMDLDVKKMPLGKLSKQQIARGFEALEALEEALKGPTDGGQSLEELSSHFYTVIPHNFGHSQPPPINSPELLQAKKDMLLVLADIELAQALQAVSEQEKTVEEVPHPLDRDYQLLKCQLQLLDSGAPEYKVIQTYLEQTGSNHRCPTLQHIWKVNQEGEEDRFQAHSKLGNRKLLWHGTNMAVVAAILTSGLRIMPHSGGRVGKGIYFASENSKSAGYVIGMKCGAHHVGYMFLGEVALGREHHINTDNPSLKSPPPGFDSVIARGHTEPDPTQDTELELDGQQVVVPQGQPVPCPEFSSSTFSQSEYLIYQESQCRLRYLLEVHL*|MAPKPKPWVQTEGPEKKKGRQAGREEDPFRSTAEALKAIPAEKRIIRVDPTCPLSSNPGTQVYEDYNCTLNQTNIENNNNKFYIIQLLQDSNRFFTCWNRWGRVGEVGQSKINHFTRLEDAKKDFEKKFREKTKNNWAERDHFVSHPGKYTLIEVQAEDEAQEAVVKVDRGPVRTVTKRVQPCSLDPATQKLITNIFSKEMFKNTMALMDLDVKKMPLGKLSKQQIARGFEALEALEEALKGPTDGGQSLEELSSHFYTVIPHNFGHSQPPPINSPELLQAKKDMLLVLADIELAQALQTVSEQEKTVEEVPHPLDRDYQLLKCQLQLLDSGAPEYKVIQTYLEQTGSNHRCPTLQHIWKVNQEGEEDRFQAHSKLGNRKLLWHGTNMAVVAAILTSGLRIMPHSGGRVGKGIYFASENSKSAGYVIGMKCGAHHVGYMFLGEVALGREHHINTDNPSLKSPPPGFDSVIARGHTEPDPTQDTELELDGQQVVVPQGQPVPCPEFSSSTFSQSEYLIYQESQCRLRYLLEVHL*
chr3:52441405:G/T:1	chr3	52441405	G|T	1	SEMA3G	NM_020163	56920	coding	730	672	224	P>P	syn	None	MAPSAWAICWLLGGLLLHGGSSGPSPGPSVPRLRLSYRDLLSANRSAIFLGPQGSLNLQAMYLDEYRDRLFLGGLDALYSLRLDQAWPDPREVLWPPQPGQREECVRKGRDPLTECANFVRVLQPHNRTHLLACGTGAFQPTCALITVGHRGEHVLHLEPGSVESGRGRCPHEPSRPFASTFIDGELYTGLTADFLGREAMIFRSGGPRPALRSDSDQSLLHDPRFVMAARIPENSDQDNDKVYFFFSETVPSPDGGSNHVTVSRVGRVCVNDAGGQRVLVNKWSTFLKARLVCSVPGPGGAETHFDQLEDVFLLWPKAGKSLEVYALFSTVSAVFQGFAVCVYHMADIWEVFNGPFAHRDGPQHQWGPYGGKVPFPRPGVCPSKMTAQPGRPFGSTKDYPDEVLQFARAHPLMFWPVRPRHGRPVLVKTHLAQQLHQIVVDRVEAEDGTYDVIFLGTDSGSVLKVIALQAGGSAEPEEVVLEELQVFKVPTPITEMEISVKRQMLYVGSRLGVAQLRLHQCETYGTACAECCLARDPYCAWDGASCTHYRPSLGKRRFRRQDIRHGNPALQCLGQSQEEEAVGLVAATMVYGTEHNSTFLECLPKSPQAAVRWLLQRPGDEGPDQVKTDERVLHTERGLLFRRLSRFDAGTYTCTTLEHGFSQTVVRLALVVIVASQLDNLFPPEPKPEEPPARGGLASTPPKAWYKDILQLIGFANLPRVDEYCERVWCRGTTECSGCFRSRSRGKQARGKSWAGLELGKKMKSRVHAEHNRTPREVEAT*
chr3:52819352:G/A:1	chr3	52819352	G|A	1	ITIH4	NM_001166449	3700	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	41	None
chr3:52819352:G/A:1	chr3	52819352	G|A	1	ITIH4	NM_002218	3700	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	41	None
chr3:53192052:T/G:1	chr3	53192052	T|G	1	PRKCD	NM_001316327	5580	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr3:53192052:T/G:1	chr3	53192052	T|G	1	PRKCD	NM_001354676	5580	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr3:53192052:T/G:1	chr3	53192052	T|G	1	PRKCD	NM_001354678	5580	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr3:53192052:T/G:1	chr3	53192052	T|G	1	PRKCD	NM_001354679	5580	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr3:53192052:T/G:1	chr3	53192052	T|G	1	PRKCD	NM_001354680	5580	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr3:53192052:T/G:1	chr3	53192052	T|G	1	PRKCD	NM_006254	5580	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr3:53192052:T/G:1	chr3	53192052	T|G	1	PRKCD	NM_212539	5580	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr3:53819484:G/T:1	chr3	53819484	G|T	1	CHDH	NM_018397	55349	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr3:54918338:T/C:1	chr3	54918338	T|C	1	CACNA2D3	NM_018398	55799	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	18470	None
chr3:54918338:T/C:1	chr3	54918338	T|C	1	LRTM1	NM_001304389	57408	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr3:54918338:T/C:1	chr3	54918338	T|C	1	LRTM1	NM_020678	57408	3utr	1307	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr3:60759936:T/C:1	chr3	60759936	T|C	1	FHIT	NM_001166243	2272	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61983	None
chr3:60759936:T/C:1	chr3	60759936	T|C	1	FHIT	NM_001320899	2272	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61983	None
chr3:60759936:T/C:1	chr3	60759936	T|C	1	FHIT	NM_001320900	2272	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61983	None
chr3:60759936:T/C:1	chr3	60759936	T|C	1	FHIT	NM_001354589	2272	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61983	None
chr3:60759936:T/C:1	chr3	60759936	T|C	1	FHIT	NM_001354590	2272	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61983	None
chr3:60759936:T/C:1	chr3	60759936	T|C	1	FHIT	NM_002012	2272	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61983	None
chr3:60759936:T/C:1	chr3	60759936	T|C	1	FHIT	NR_148921	2272	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59813	None
chr3:68880865:G/A:1	chr3	68880865	G|A	1	TAFA4	NM_001005527	151647	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	20	None
chr3:68880865:G/A:1	chr3	68880865	G|A	1	TAFA4	NM_182522	151647	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	20	None
chr3:74521082:G/T:1	chr3	74521082	G|T	1	CNTN3	NM_020872	5067	coding	59	31	11	L>I	nonsyn	None	MMFPWKQLILLSFIGCLGGELLLQGPVFIKEPSNSIFPVGSEDKKITLHCEARGNPSPHYRWQLNGSDIDMSMEHRYKLNGGNLVVINPNRNWDTGTYQCFATNSLGTIVSREAKLQFAYLENFKTKMRSTVSVREGQGVVLLCGPPPHSGELSYAWIFNEYPSFVEEDSRRFVSQETGHLYISKVEPSDVGNYTCVVTSMVTNARVLGSPTPLVLRSDGVMGEYEPKIEVQFPETLPAAKGSTVKLECFALGNPIPQINWRRSDGLPFSSKIKLRKFSGVLEIPNFQQEDAGSYECIAENSRGKNVARGRLTYYAKPHWVQLIKDVEIAVEDSLYWECRASGKPKPSYRWLKNGAALVLEERTQIENGALTISNLSVTDSGMFQCIAENKHGLVYSSAELKVVASAPDFSKNPMKKLVQVQVGSLVSLDCKPRASPRALSSWKKGDVSVQEHERISLLNDGGLKIANVTKADAGTYTCMAENQFGKANGTTHLVVTEPTRITLAPSNMDVSVGESVILPCQVQHDPLLDIIFTWYFNGALADFKKDGSHFEKVGGSSSGDLMIRNIQLKHSGKYVCMVQTGVDSVSSAADLIVRGSPGPPENVKVDEITDTTAQLSWKEGKDNHSPVISYSIQARTPFSVGWQTVTTVPEVIDGKTHTATVVELNPWVEYEFRVVASNKIGGGEPSLPSEKVRTEEAVPEVPPSEVNGGGGSRSELVITWDPVPEELQNGEGFGYVVAFRPLGVTTWIQTVVTSPDTPRYVFRNESIVPYSPYEVKVGVYNNKGEGPFSPVTTVFSAEEEPTVAPSQVSANSLSSSEIEVSWNTIPWKLSNGHLLGYEVRYWNGGGKEESSSKMKVAGNETSARLRGLKSNLAYYTAVRAYNSAGAGPFSATVNVTTKKTPPSQPPGNVVWNATDTKVLLNWEQVKAMENESEVTGYKVFYRTSSQNNVQVLNTNKTSAELVLPIKEDYIIEVKATTDGGDGTSSEQIRIPRITSMDARGSTSAISNVHPMSSYMPIVLFLIVYVLW*|MMFPWKQLILISFIGCLGGELLLQGPVFIKEPSNSIFPVGSEDKKITLHCEARGNPSPHYRWQLNGSDIDMSMEHRYKLNGGNLVVINPNRNWDTGTYQCFATNSLGTIVSREAKLQFAYLENFKTKMRSTVSVREGQGVVLLCGPPPHSGELSYAWIFNEYPSFVEEDSRRFVSQETGHLYISKVEPSDVGNYTCVVTSMVTNARVLGSPTPLVLRSDGVMGEYEPKIEVQFPETLPAAKGSTVKLECFALGNPIPQINWRRSDGLPFSSKIKLRKFSGVLEIPNFQQEDAGSYECIAENSRGKNVARGRLTYYAKPHWVQLIKDVEIAVEDSLYWECRASGKPKPSYRWLKNGAALVLEERTQIENGALTISNLSVTDSGMFQCIAENKHGLVYSSAELKVVASAPDFSKNPMKKLVQVQVGSLVSLDCKPRASPRALSSWKKGDVSVQEHERISLLNDGGLKIANVTKADAGTYTCMAENQFGKANGTTHLVVTEPTRITLAPSNMDVSVGESVILPCQVQHDPLLDIIFTWYFNGALADFKKDGSHFEKVGGSSSGDLMIRNIQLKHSGKYVCMVQTGVDSVSSAADLIVRGSPGPPENVKVDEITDTTAQLSWKEGKDNHSPVISYSIQARTPFSVGWQTVTTVPEVIDGKTHTATVVELNPWVEYEFRVVASNKIGGGEPSLPSEKVRTEEAVPEVPPSEVNGGGGSRSELVITWDPVPEELQNGEGFGYVVAFRPLGVTTWIQTVVTSPDTPRYVFRNESIVPYSPYEVKVGVYNNKGEGPFSPVTTVFSAEEEPTVAPSQVSANSLSSSEIEVSWNTIPWKLSNGHLLGYEVRYWNGGGKEESSSKMKVAGNETSARLRGLKSNLAYYTAVRAYNSAGAGPFSATVNVTTKKTPPSQPPGNVVWNATDTKVLLNWEQVKAMENESEVTGYKVFYRTSSQNNVQVLNTNKTSAELVLPIKEDYIIEVKATTDGGDGTSSEQIRIPRITSMDARGSTSAISNVHPMSSYMPIVLFLIVYVLW*
chr3:75741893:A/G:1	chr3	75741893	A|G	1	ZNF717	NM_001128223	100131827	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr3:75741893:A/G:1	chr3	75741893	A|G	1	ZNF717	NM_001290208	100131827	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr3:75741893:A/G:1	chr3	75741893	A|G	1	ZNF717	NM_001290210	100131827	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr3:75741893:A/G:1	chr3	75741893	A|G	1	ZNF717	NM_001324026	100131827	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr3:75741893:A/G:1	chr3	75741893	A|G	1	ZNF717	NM_001324027	100131827	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr3:75741893:A/G:1	chr3	75741893	A|G	1	ZNF717	NM_001290209	100131827	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr3:75741893:A/G:1	chr3	75741893	A|G	1	ZNF717	NM_001324028	100131827	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	28	None
chr3:100557094:C/T:1	chr3	100557094	C|T	1	TMEM45A	NM_001363876	55076	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	122	None
chr3:100557094:C/T:1	chr3	100557094	C|T	1	TMEM45A	NM_018004	55076	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	122	None
chr3:112168997:G/T:1	chr3	112168997	G|T	1	SLC9C1	NM_001320531	285335	coding	3226	2973	991	T>T	syn	None	MAGIFKEFFFSTEDLPEVILTLSLISSIGAFLNRHLEDFPIPVPVILFLLGCSFEVLSFTSSQVQRYANAIQWMSPDLFFRIFTPVVFFTTAFDMDTYMLQKLFWQILLISIPGFLVNYILVLWHLASVNQLLLKPTQWLLFSAILVSSDPMLTAAAIRDLGLSRSLISLINGESLMTSVISLITFTSIMDFDQRLQSKRNHTLAEEIVGGICSYIIASFLFGILSSKLIQFWMSTVFGDDVNHISLIFSILYLIFYICELVGMSGIFTLAIVGLLLNSTSFKAAIEETLLLEFLTLLLISPVLSRVGHEFSWRWIFIMVCSEMKGMPNINMALLLAYSDLYFGSDKEKSQILFHGVLVCLITLVVNRFILPVAVTILGLRDATSTKYKSVCCTFQHFQELTKSAASALKFDKDLANADWNMIEKAITLENPYMLNEEETTEHQKVKCPHCNKEIDEIFNTEAMELANRRLLSAQIASYQRQYRNEILSQSAVQVLVGAAESFGEKKGKCMSLDTIKNYSESQKTVTFARKLLLNWVYNTRKEKEGPSKYFFFRICHTIVFTEEFEHVGYLVILMNIFPFIISWISQLNVIYHSELKHTNYCFLTLYILEALLKIAAMRKDFFSHAWNIFELAITLIGILHVILIEIDTIKYIFNETEVIVFIKVVQFFRILRIFKLIAPKLLQIIDKRMSHQKTFWYGILKGYVQGEADIMTIIDQITSSKQIKQMLLKQVIRNMEHAIKELGYLEYDHPEIAVTVKTKEEINVMLNMATEILKAFGLKGIISKTEGAGINKLIMAKKKEVLDSQSIIRPLTVEEVLYHIPWLDKNKDYINFIQEKAKVVTFDCGNDIFEEGDEPKGIYIIISGMVKLEKSKPGLGIDQMVESKEKDFPIIDTDYMLSGEIIGEINCLTNEPMKYSATCKTVVETCFIPKTHLYDAFEQCSPLIKQKMWLKLGLAITARKIREHLSYEDWNYNMQLKLSNIYVVDIPMSTKTDIYDENLIYVILIHGAVEDCLLRKTYRAPFLIPITCHQIQSIEDFTKVVIIQTPINMKTFRRNIRKFVPKHKSYLTPGLIGSVGTLEEGIQEERNVKEDGAHSAATARSPQPCSLLGTKFNCKESPRINLRKVRKE*
chr3:112168997:G/T:1	chr3	112168997	G|T	1	SLC9C1	NM_183061	285335	coding	3328	3117	1039	T>T	syn	None	MAGIFKEFFFSTEDLPEVILTLSLISSIGAFLNRHLEDFPIPVPVILFLLGCSFEVLSFTSSQVQRYANAIQWMSPDLFFRIFTPVVFFTTAFDMDTYMLQKLFWQILLISIPGFLVNYILVLWHLASVNQLLLKPTQWLLFSAILVSSDPMLTAAAIRDLGLSRSLISLINGESLMTSVISLITFTSIMDFDQRLQSKRNHTLAEEIVGGICSYIIASFLFGILSSKLIQFWMSTVFGDDVNHISLIFSILYLIFYICELVGMSGIFTLAIVGLLLNSTSFKAAIEETLLLEFWTFLSRIAFLMVFTFFGLLIPAHTYLYIEFVDIYYSLNIYLTLIVLRFLTLLLISPVLSRVGHEFSWRWIFIMVCSEMKGMPNINMALLLAYSDLYFGSDKEKSQILFHGVLVCLITLVVNRFILPVAVTILGLRDATSTKYKSVCCTFQHFQELTKSAASALKFDKDLANADWNMIEKAITLENPYMLNEEETTEHQKVKCPHCNKEIDEIFNTEAMELANRRLLSAQIASYQRQYRNEILSQSAVQVLVGAAESFGEKKGKCMSLDTIKNYSESQKTVTFARKLLLNWVYNTRKEKEGPSKYFFFRICHTIVFTEEFEHVGYLVILMNIFPFIISWISQLNVIYHSELKHTNYCFLTLYILEALLKIAAMRKDFFSHAWNIFELAITLIGILHVILIEIDTIKYIFNETEVIVFIKVVQFFRILRIFKLIAPKLLQIIDKRMSHQKTFWYGILKGYVQGEADIMTIIDQITSSKQIKQMLLKQVIRNMEHAIKELGYLEYDHPEIAVTVKTKEEINVMLNMATEILKAFGLKGIISKTEGAGINKLIMAKKKEVLDSQSIIRPLTVEEVLYHIPWLDKNKDYINFIQEKAKVVTFDCGNDIFEEGDEPKGIYIIISGMVKLEKSKPGLGIDQMVESKEKDFPIIDTDYMLSGEIIGEINCLTNEPMKYSATCKTVVETCFIPKTHLYDAFEQCSPLIKQKMWLKLGLAITARKIREHLSYEDWNYNMQLKLSNIYVVDIPMSTKTDIYDENLIYVILIHGAVEDCLLRKTYRAPFLIPITCHQIQSIEDFTKVVIIQTPINMKTFRRNIRKFVPKHKSYLTPGLIGSVGTLEEGIQEERNVKEDGAHSAATARSPQPCSLLGTKFNCKESPRINLRKVRKE*
chr3:112168997:G/T:1	chr3	112168997	G|T	1	SLC9C1	NR_135297	285335	non-coding	2429	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr3:112826924:A/T:1	chr3	112826924	A|T	1	CD200R1L	NM_001008784	344807	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	69	None
chr3:112826924:A/T:1	chr3	112826924	A|T	1	CD200R1L	NM_001199215	344807	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	69	None
chr3:113940135:A/T:1	chr3	113940135	A|T	1	GRAMD1C	NM_001172105	54762	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	105	None
chr3:113940135:A/T:1	chr3	113940135	A|T	1	GRAMD1C	NM_017577	54762	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	105	None
chr3:114068202:G/T:1	chr3	114068202	G|T	1	QTRT2	NM_001256836	79691	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2424	None
chr3:114068202:G/T:1	chr3	114068202	G|T	1	QTRT2	NM_001256837	79691	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1919	None
chr3:114068202:G/T:1	chr3	114068202	G|T	1	QTRT2	NM_001256835	79691	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	139	None
chr3:114068202:G/T:1	chr3	114068202	G|T	1	QTRT2	NM_024638	79691	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	139	None
chr3:121939207:T/C:1	chr3	121939207	T|C	1	SLC15A2	NM_001145998	6565	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	142	None
chr3:121939207:T/C:1	chr3	121939207	T|C	1	SLC15A2	NM_021082	6565	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	142	None
chr3:121945265:G/A:1	chr3	121945265	G|A	1	SLC15A2	NM_001145998	6565	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr3:121945265:G/A:1	chr3	121945265	G|A	1	SLC15A2	NM_021082	6565	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr3:124138871:G/T:1	chr3	124138871	G|T	1	KALRN	NR_028136	8997	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	23339	None
chr3:124138871:G/T:1	chr3	124138871	G|T	1	KALRN	NM_001024660	8997	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43967	None
chr3:124138871:G/T:1	chr3	124138871	G|T	1	KALRN	NM_001322988	8997	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43967	None
chr3:124138871:G/T:1	chr3	124138871	G|T	1	KALRN	NM_001322989	8997	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43967	None
chr3:124138871:G/T:1	chr3	124138871	G|T	1	KALRN	NM_001322990	8997	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43967	None
chr3:124138871:G/T:1	chr3	124138871	G|T	1	KALRN	NM_001322991	8997	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43967	None
chr3:124138871:G/T:1	chr3	124138871	G|T	1	KALRN	NM_001322992	8997	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43967	None
chr3:124138871:G/T:1	chr3	124138871	G|T	1	KALRN	NM_003947	8997	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43967	None
chr3:124477465:C/A:1	chr3	124477465	C|A	1	KALRN	NM_001024660	8997	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	131	None
chr3:124477465:C/A:1	chr3	124477465	C|A	1	KALRN	NM_001322988	8997	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	131	None
chr3:124477465:C/A:1	chr3	124477465	C|A	1	KALRN	NM_001322989	8997	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	131	None
chr3:124477465:C/A:1	chr3	124477465	C|A	1	KALRN	NM_001322990	8997	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	131	None
chr3:124477465:C/A:1	chr3	124477465	C|A	1	KALRN	NM_001322991	8997	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	131	None
chr3:124477465:C/A:1	chr3	124477465	C|A	1	KALRN	NM_001322992	8997	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	131	None
chr3:124477465:C/A:1	chr3	124477465	C|A	1	KALRN	NM_003947	8997	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	131	None
chr3:125929300:C/T:1	chr3	125929300	C|T	1	FAM86JP	NR_024250	100125556	non-coding	1219	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr3:125929300:C/T:1	chr3	125929300	C|T	1	FAM86JP	NR_024251	100125556	non-coding	1317	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr3:125929300:C/T:1	chr3	125929300	C|T	1	ALG1L	NM_001015050	200810	3utr	785	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr3:125929300:C/T:1	chr3	125929300	C|T	1	ALG1L	NM_001195223	200810	3utr	896	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr3:128908910:T/C:1	chr3	128908910	T|C	1	KIAA1257	NM_001348520	57501	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr3:128908910:T/C:1	chr3	128908910	T|C	1	KIAA1257	NM_001348521	57501	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr3:128908910:T/C:1	chr3	128908910	T|C	1	ACAD9	NM_014049	28976	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	63	None
chr3:128908910:T/C:1	chr3	128908910	T|C	1	ACAD9	NR_033426	28976	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	63	None
chr3:129319214:A/G:1	chr3	129319214	A|G	1	H1FX-AS1	NR_026991	339942	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	577	None
chr3:129575694:T/G:1	chr3	129575694	T|G	1	PLXND1	NM_015103	23129	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	72	None
chr3:130092428:G/T:1	chr3	130092428	G|T	1	LINC02014	NR_146710	105374105	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	561	None
chr3:130092428:G/T:1	chr3	130092428	G|T	1	ALG1L2	NM_001136152	644974	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	206	None
chr3:133841152:G/A:1	chr3	133841152	G|A	1	RAB6B	NM_001363953	51560	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	133	None
chr3:133841152:G/A:1	chr3	133841152	G|A	1	RAB6B	NM_016577	51560	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	133	None
chr3:134932373:A/G:1	chr3	134932373	A|G	1	EPHB1	NM_004441	2047	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6493	None
chr3:139444312:C/T:1	chr3	139444312	C|T	1	LOC100507291	NR_121609	100507291	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	21198	None
chr3:139444312:C/T:1	chr3	139444312	C|T	1	LOC100507291	NR_121608	100507291	non-coding	373	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr3:149055599:C/T:1	chr3	149055599	C|T	1	HLTF	NM_001318934	6596	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	199	None
chr3:149055599:C/T:1	chr3	149055599	C|T	1	HLTF	NM_001318935	6596	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	199	None
chr3:149055599:C/T:1	chr3	149055599	C|T	1	HLTF	NM_003071	6596	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	199	None
chr3:149055599:C/T:1	chr3	149055599	C|T	1	HLTF	NM_139048	6596	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	199	None
chr3:170495641:G/A:1	chr3	170495641	G|A	1	SLC7A14-AS1	NR_135557	101928583	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7170	None
chr3:170495641:G/A:1	chr3	170495641	G|A	1	SLC7A14-AS1	NR_135555	101928583	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	18768	None
chr3:170495641:G/A:1	chr3	170495641	G|A	1	SLC7A14-AS1	NR_135556	101928583	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	18768	None
chr3:170495641:G/A:1	chr3	170495641	G|A	1	SLC7A14	NM_020949	57709	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3026	None
chr3:171373477:C/A:1	chr3	171373477	C|A	1	TNIK	NM_001161560	23043	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3792	None
chr3:171373477:C/A:1	chr3	171373477	C|A	1	TNIK	NM_001161561	23043	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3792	None
chr3:171373477:C/A:1	chr3	171373477	C|A	1	TNIK	NM_001161562	23043	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3792	None
chr3:171373477:C/A:1	chr3	171373477	C|A	1	TNIK	NM_001161563	23043	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3792	None
chr3:171373477:C/A:1	chr3	171373477	C|A	1	TNIK	NM_001161564	23043	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3792	None
chr3:171373477:C/A:1	chr3	171373477	C|A	1	TNIK	NM_001161565	23043	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3792	None
chr3:171373477:C/A:1	chr3	171373477	C|A	1	TNIK	NM_001161566	23043	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3792	None
chr3:171373477:C/A:1	chr3	171373477	C|A	1	TNIK	NM_015028	23043	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3792	None
chr3:171373477:C/A:1	chr3	171373477	C|A	1	TNIK	NR_027767	23043	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3792	None
chr3:181240951:C/A:1	chr3	181240951	C|A	1	SOX2-OT	NR_075091	347689	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65368	None
chr3:181240951:C/A:1	chr3	181240951	C|A	1	SOX2-OT	NR_075092	347689	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65368	None
chr3:181240951:C/A:1	chr3	181240951	C|A	1	SOX2-OT	NR_075093	347689	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65368	None
chr3:184843206:A/T:1	chr3	184843206	A|T	1	VPS8	NM_001349296	23355	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3454	None
chr3:184843206:A/T:1	chr3	184843206	A|T	1	VPS8	NM_001349297	23355	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3454	None
chr3:184843206:A/T:1	chr3	184843206	A|T	1	VPS8	NM_015303	23355	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3454	None
chr3:184843206:A/T:1	chr3	184843206	A|T	1	VPS8	NM_001009921	23355	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3450	None
chr3:184843206:A/T:1	chr3	184843206	A|T	1	VPS8	NM_001349292	23355	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3450	None
chr3:184843206:A/T:1	chr3	184843206	A|T	1	VPS8	NM_001349293	23355	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3450	None
chr3:184843206:A/T:1	chr3	184843206	A|T	1	VPS8	NM_001349294	23355	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3450	None
chr3:184843206:A/T:1	chr3	184843206	A|T	1	VPS8	NM_001349295	23355	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3450	None
chr3:184843206:A/T:1	chr3	184843206	A|T	1	VPS8	NM_001349298	23355	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3450	None
chr3:184843206:A/T:1	chr3	184843206	A|T	1	VPS8	NR_146113	23355	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3450	None
chr3:185048398:A/C:1	chr3	185048398	A|C	1	VPS8	NM_001009921	23355	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr3:185048398:A/C:1	chr3	185048398	A|C	1	VPS8	NM_001349292	23355	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr3:185048398:A/C:1	chr3	185048398	A|C	1	VPS8	NM_001349293	23355	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr3:185048398:A/C:1	chr3	185048398	A|C	1	VPS8	NM_001349294	23355	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr3:185048398:A/C:1	chr3	185048398	A|C	1	VPS8	NM_001349295	23355	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr3:185048398:A/C:1	chr3	185048398	A|C	1	VPS8	NM_001349296	23355	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr3:185048398:A/C:1	chr3	185048398	A|C	1	VPS8	NM_001349297	23355	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr3:185048398:A/C:1	chr3	185048398	A|C	1	VPS8	NM_001349298	23355	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr3:185048398:A/C:1	chr3	185048398	A|C	1	VPS8	NM_015303	23355	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr3:185048398:A/C:1	chr3	185048398	A|C	1	VPS8	NR_146113	23355	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr3:194341790:C/T:1	chr3	194341790	C|T	1	CPN2	NM_001080513	1370	coding	1003	913	305	A>T	nonsyn	None	MLPGAWLLWTSLLLLARPAQPCPMGCDCFVQEVFCSDEELATVPLDIPPYTKNIIFVETSFTTLETRAFGSNPNLTKVVFLNTQLCQFRPDAFGGLPRLEDLEVTGSSFLNLSTNIFSNLTSLGKLTLNFNMLEALPEGLFQHLAALESLHLQGNQLQALPRRLFQPLTHLKTLNLAQNLLAQLPEELFHPLTSLQTLKLSNNALSGLPQGVFGKLGSLQELFLDSNNISELPPQVFSQLFCLERLWLQRNAITHLPLSIFASLGNLTFLSLQWNMLRVLPAGLFAHTPCLVGLSLTHNQLETVAEGTFAHLSNLRSLMLSYNAITHLPAGIFRDLEELVKLYLGSNNLTALHPALFQNLSKLELLSLSKNQLTTLPEGIFDTNYNLFNLALHGNPWQCDCHLAYLFNWLQQYTDRLLNIQTYCAGPAYLKGQVVPALNEKQLVCPVTRDHLGFQVTWPDESKAGGSWDLAVQERAARSQCTYSNPEGTVVLACDQAQCRWLNVQLSPQQGSLGLQYNASQEWDLRSSCGSLRLTVSIEARAAGP*|MLPGAWLLWTSLLLLARPAQPCPMGCDCFVQEVFCSDEELATVPLDIPPYTKNIIFVETSFTTLETRAFGSNPNLTKVVFLNTQLCQFRPDAFGGLPRLEDLEVTGSSFLNLSTNIFSNLTSLGKLTLNFNMLEALPEGLFQHLAALESLHLQGNQLQALPRRLFQPLTHLKTLNLAQNLLAQLPEELFHPLTSLQTLKLSNNALSGLPQGVFGKLGSLQELFLDSNNISELPPQVFSQLFCLERLWLQRNAITHLPLSIFASLGNLTFLSLQWNMLRVLPAGLFAHTPCLVGLSLTHNQLETVTEGTFAHLSNLRSLMLSYNAITHLPAGIFRDLEELVKLYLGSNNLTALHPALFQNLSKLELLSLSKNQLTTLPEGIFDTNYNLFNLALHGNPWQCDCHLAYLFNWLQQYTDRLLNIQTYCAGPAYLKGQVVPALNEKQLVCPVTRDHLGFQVTWPDESKAGGSWDLAVQERAARSQCTYSNPEGTVVLACDQAQCRWLNVQLSPQQGSLGLQYNASQEWDLRSSCGSLRLTVSIEARAAGP*
chr3:194341790:C/T:1	chr3	194341790	C|T	1	CPN2	NM_001291988	1370	coding	1000	913	305	A>T	nonsyn	None	MLPGAWLLWTSLLLLARPAQPCPMGCDCFVQEVFCSDEELATVPLDIPPYTKNIIFVETSFTTLETRAFGSNPNLTKVVFLNTQLCQFRPDAFGGLPRLEDLEVTGSSFLNLSTNIFSNLTSLGKLTLNFNMLEALPEGLFQHLAALESLHLQGNQLQALPRRLFQPLTHLKTLNLAQNLLAQLPEELFHPLTSLQTLKLSNNALSGLPQGVFGKLGSLQELFLDSNNISELPPQVFSQLFCLERLWLQRNAITHLPLSIFASLGNLTFLSLQWNMLRVLPAGLFAHTPCLVGLSLTHNQLETVAEGTFAHLSNLRSLMLSYNAITHLPAGIFRDLEELVKLYLGSNNLTALHPALFQNLSKLELLSLSKNQLTTLPEGIFDTNYNLFNLALHGNPWQCDCHLAYLFNWLQQYTDRLLNIQTYCAGPAYLKGQVVPALNEKQLVCPVTRDHLGFQVTWPDESKAGGSWDLAVQERAARSQCTYSNPEGTVVLACDQAQCRWLNVQLSPQQGSLGLQYNASQEWDLRSSCGSLRLTVSIEARAAGP*|MLPGAWLLWTSLLLLARPAQPCPMGCDCFVQEVFCSDEELATVPLDIPPYTKNIIFVETSFTTLETRAFGSNPNLTKVVFLNTQLCQFRPDAFGGLPRLEDLEVTGSSFLNLSTNIFSNLTSLGKLTLNFNMLEALPEGLFQHLAALESLHLQGNQLQALPRRLFQPLTHLKTLNLAQNLLAQLPEELFHPLTSLQTLKLSNNALSGLPQGVFGKLGSLQELFLDSNNISELPPQVFSQLFCLERLWLQRNAITHLPLSIFASLGNLTFLSLQWNMLRVLPAGLFAHTPCLVGLSLTHNQLETVTEGTFAHLSNLRSLMLSYNAITHLPAGIFRDLEELVKLYLGSNNLTALHPALFQNLSKLELLSLSKNQLTTLPEGIFDTNYNLFNLALHGNPWQCDCHLAYLFNWLQQYTDRLLNIQTYCAGPAYLKGQVVPALNEKQLVCPVTRDHLGFQVTWPDESKAGGSWDLAVQERAARSQCTYSNPEGTVVLACDQAQCRWLNVQLSPQQGSLGLQYNASQEWDLRSSCGSLRLTVSIEARAAGP*
chr3:195668332:A/G:1	chr3	195668332	A|G	1	SDHAP2	NR_003265	727956	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	187	None
chr3:195696132:A/G:1	chr3	195696132	A|G	1	MIR570HG	NR_122105	440993	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6694	None
chr3:195752618:A/G:1	chr3	195752618	A|G	1	MUC4	NM_001322468	4585	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr3:195752618:A/G:1	chr3	195752618	A|G	1	MUC4	NM_004532	4585	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr3:195752618:A/G:1	chr3	195752618	A|G	1	MUC4	NM_018406	4585	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr3:195752618:A/G:1	chr3	195752618	A|G	1	MUC4	NM_138297	4585	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr3:195752619:G/C:1	chr3	195752619	G|C	1	MUC4	NM_001322468	4585	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	173	None
chr3:195752619:G/C:1	chr3	195752619	G|C	1	MUC4	NM_004532	4585	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	173	None
chr3:195752619:G/C:1	chr3	195752619	G|C	1	MUC4	NM_018406	4585	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	173	None
chr3:195752619:G/C:1	chr3	195752619	G|C	1	MUC4	NM_138297	4585	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	173	None
chr4:54908:G/A:1	chr4	54908	G|A	1	ZNF595	NM_001286052	152687	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1417	None
chr4:54908:G/A:1	chr4	54908	G|A	1	ZNF595	NM_001286054	152687	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1417	None
chr4:54908:G/A:1	chr4	54908	G|A	1	ZNF595	NM_182524	152687	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1417	None
chr4:54908:G/A:1	chr4	54908	G|A	1	ZNF595	NM_001286053	152687	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1417	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	ZNF721	NM_133474	170960	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NM_001289051	54872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NM_001127178	54872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NM_001289052	54872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NM_001289055	54872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NM_001345989	54872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NM_001345990	54872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NM_017733	54872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NR_110293	54872	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NR_144327	54872	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NR_144328	54872	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NR_144330	54872	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NR_144332	54872	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NR_144333	54872	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NM_001289057	54872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NM_001345986	54872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NM_001345987	54872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NM_001345988	54872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NM_001345991	54872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NM_001345994	54872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NR_144326	54872	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NR_144329	54872	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NR_144331	54872	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NR_144334	54872	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:500224:G/A:1	chr4	500224	G|A	1	PIGG	NM_001289053	54872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	172	None
chr4:2939691:G/A:1	chr4	2939691	G|A	1	NOP14-AS1	NR_015453	317648	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	899	None
chr4:2939691:G/A:1	chr4	2939691	G|A	1	NOP14	NM_001291978	8602	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46	None
chr4:2939691:G/A:1	chr4	2939691	G|A	1	NOP14	NM_001291979	8602	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46	None
chr4:2939691:G/A:1	chr4	2939691	G|A	1	NOP14	NM_003703	8602	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	46	None
chr4:7030472:G/C:1	chr4	7030472	G|C	1	LOC100129931	NR_033828	100129931	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr4:7030472:G/C:1	chr4	7030472	G|C	1	TBC1D14	NM_020773	57533	3utr	2305	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr4:7030472:G/C:1	chr4	7030472	G|C	1	TBC1D14	NM_001113361	57533	3utr	2241	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr4:7030472:G/C:1	chr4	7030472	G|C	1	TBC1D14	NM_001113363	57533	3utr	1507	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr4:7030472:G/C:1	chr4	7030472	G|C	1	TBC1D14	NM_001286805	57533	3utr	1376	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr4:7030472:G/C:1	chr4	7030472	G|C	1	TBC1D14	NM_001330638	57533	3utr	1613	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr4:7411495:C/A:1	chr4	7411495	C|A	1	SORCS2	NM_020777	57537	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15140	None
chr4:8214493:C/A:1	chr4	8214493	C|A	1	SH3TC1	NM_001318480	54436	coding	667	166	56	L>M	nonsyn	None	MGVYPTDLTLQLLAVRRKSRLRDPGLQQTLRGQLRLLENDSREMARVLGELSARLLSIHSDQDRIVVTFKTFEEIWKFSTYHALGFTHHCLANLLMDQAFWLLLPSEEEETAIQVHVDENALRLTHESLLIQEGPFFVLCPDHHVRVMTGPRDAGNGPQALRQASGAPQGEAAPETDSSPPSPSVSSEEVAVAAAPEPLIPFHQWALRIPQDPIDDAMGGPVMPGNPLMAVGLASALADFQGSGPEEMTFRGGDLIEILGAQVPSLPWCVGRHAASGRVGFVRSSLISMQGPVSELESAIFLNEEEKSFFSEGCFSEEDARQLLRRMSGTDVCSVYSLDSVEEAETEQPQEKEIPPPCLSLEPQETLQKVKNVLEQCKTCPGCPQEPASWGLCAASSDVSLQDPEEPSFCLEAEDDWEDPEALSSLLLFLNAPGYKASFRGLYDVALPWLSSVFRSFSDEEELTGRLAQARGAAKKAGLLMALARLCFLLGRLCSRRLKLSQARVYFEEALGALEGSFGDLFLVVAVYANLASIYRKQKNREKCAQVVPKAMALLLGTPDHICSTEAEGELLQLALRRAVGGQSLQAEARACFLLARHHVHLKQPEEALPFLERLLLLHRDSGAPEAAWLSDCYLLLADIYSRKCLPHLVLSCVKVASLRTRGSLAGSLRSVNLVLQNAPQPHSLPAQTSHYLRQALASLTPGTGQALRGPLYTSLAQLYSHHGCHGPAITFMTQAVEASAIAGVRAIVDHLVALAWLHVLHGQSPVALDILQSVRDAVVASEDQEGVIANMVAVALKRTGRTRQAAESYYRALRVARDLGQQRNQAVGLANFGALCLHAGASRLAQHYLLEAVRLFSRLPLGECGRDFTHVLLQLGHLCTRQGPAQQGKGYYEWALLVAVEMGHVESQLRAVQRLCHFYSAVMPSEAQCVIYHELQLSLACKVADKVLEGQLLETISQLYLSLGTERAYKSALDYTKRSLGIFIDLQKKEKEAHAWLQAGKIYYILRQSELVDLYIQVAQNVALYTGDPNLGLELFEAAGDIFFDGAWEREKAVSFYRDRALPLAVTTGNRKAELRLCNKLVALLATLEEPQEGLEFAHMALALSITLGDRLNERVAYHRLAALQHRLGHGELAEHFYLKALSLCNSPLEFDEETLYYVKVYLVLGDIIFYDLKDPFDAAGYYQLALAAAVDLGNKKAQLKIYTRLATIYHNFLLDREKSLFFYQKARTFATELNVRRVNLPPLPLCGWAPWLAPSHPR*|MGVYPTDLTLQLLAVRRKSRLRDPGLQQTLRGQLRLLENDSREMARVLGELSARLMSIHSDQDRIVVTFKTFEEIWKFSTYHALGFTHHCLANLLMDQAFWLLLPSEEEETAIQVHVDENALRLTHESLLIQEGPFFVLCPDHHVRVMTGPRDAGNGPQALRQASGAPQGEAAPETDSSPPSPSVSSEEVAVAAAPEPLIPFHQWALRIPQDPIDDAMGGPVMPGNPLMAVGLASALADFQGSGPEEMTFRGGDLIEILGAQVPSLPWCVGRHAASGRVGFVRSSLISMQGPVSELESAIFLNEEEKSFFSEGCFSEEDARQLLRRMSGTDVCSVYSLDSVEEAETEQPQEKEIPPPCLSLEPQETLQKVKNVLEQCKTCPGCPQEPASWGLCAASSDVSLQDPEEPSFCLEAEDDWEDPEALSSLLLFLNAPGYKASFRGLYDVALPWLSSVFRSFSDEEELTGRLAQARGAAKKAGLLMALARLCFLLGRLCSRRLKLSQARVYFEEALGALEGSFGDLFLVVAVYANLASIYRKQKNREKCAQVVPKAMALLLGTPDHICSTEAEGELLQLALRRAVGGQSLQAEARACFLLARHHVHLKQPEEALPFLERLLLLHRDSGAPEAAWLSDCYLLLADIYSRKCLPHLVLSCVKVASLRTRGSLAGSLRSVNLVLQNAPQPHSLPAQTSHYLRQALASLTPGTGQALRGPLYTSLAQLYSHHGCHGPAITFMTQAVEASAIAGVRAIVDHLVALAWLHVLHGQSPVALDILQSVRDAVVASEDQEGVIANMVAVALKRTGRTRQAAESYYRALRVARDLGQQRNQAVGLANFGALCLHAGASRLAQHYLLEAVRLFSRLPLGECGRDFTHVLLQLGHLCTRQGPAQQGKGYYEWALLVAVEMGHVESQLRAVQRLCHFYSAVMPSEAQCVIYHELQLSLACKVADKVLEGQLLETISQLYLSLGTERAYKSALDYTKRSLGIFIDLQKKEKEAHAWLQAGKIYYILRQSELVDLYIQVAQNVALYTGDPNLGLELFEAAGDIFFDGAWEREKAVSFYRDRALPLAVTTGNRKAELRLCNKLVALLATLEEPQEGLEFAHMALALSITLGDRLNERVAYHRLAALQHRLGHGELAEHFYLKALSLCNSPLEFDEETLYYVKVYLVLGDIIFYDLKDPFDAAGYYQLALAAAVDLGNKKAQLKIYTRLATIYHNFLLDREKSLFFYQKARTFATELNVRRVNLPPLPLCGWAPWLAPSHPR*
chr4:8214493:C/A:1	chr4	8214493	C|A	1	SH3TC1	NM_018986	54436	coding	538	394	132	L>M	nonsyn	None	MENLPAVTTEEPTPMGRGPVGPSGGGSTRDQVRTVVMRPSVSWEKAGPEEAKAPVRGDEAPPARVAGPAAGTPPCQMGVYPTDLTLQLLAVRRKSRLRDPGLQQTLRGQLRLLENDSREMARVLGELSARLLSIHSDQDRIVVTFKTFEEIWKFSTYHALGFTHHCLANLLMDQAFWLLLPSEEEETAIQVHVDENALRLTHESLLIQEGPFFVLCPDHHVRVMTGPRDAGNGPQALRQASGAPQGEAAPETDSSPPSPSVSSEEVAVAAAPEPLIPFHQWALRIPQDPIDDAMGGPVMPGNPLMAVGLASALADFQGSGPEEMTFRGGDLIEILGAQVPSLPWCVGRHAASGRVGFVRSSLISMQGPVSELESAIFLNEEEKSFFSEGCFSEEDARQLLRRMSGTDVCSVYSLDSVEEAETEQPQEKEIPPPCLSLEPQETLQKVKNVLEQCKTCPGCPQEPASWGLCAASSDVSLQDPEEPSFCLEAEDDWEDPEALSSLLLFLNAPGYKASFRGLYDVALPWLSSVFRSFSDEEELTGRLAQARGAAKKAGLLMALARLCFLLGRLCSRRLKLSQARVYFEEALGALEGSFGDLFLVVAVYANLASIYRKQKNREKCAQVVPKAMALLLGTPDHICSTEAEGELLQLALRRAVGGQSLQAEARACFLLARHHVHLKQPEEALPFLERLLLLHRDSGAPEAAWLSDCYLLLADIYSRKCLPHLVLSCVKVASLRTRGSLAGSLRSVNLVLQNAPQPHSLPAQTSHYLRQALASLTPGTGQALRGPLYTSLAQLYSHHGCHGPAITFMTQAVEASAIAGVRAIVDHLVALAWLHVLHGQSPVALDILQSVRDAVVASEDQEGVIANMVAVALKRTGRTRQAAESYYRALRVARDLGQQRNQAVGLANFGALCLHAGASRLAQHYLLEAVRLFSRLPLGECGRDFTHVLLQLGHLCTRQGPAQQGKGYYEWALLVAVEMGHVESQLRAVQRLCHFYSAVMPSEAQCVIYHELQLSLACKVADKVLEGQLLETISQLYLSLGTERAYKSALDYTKRSLGIFIDLQKKEKEAHAWLQAGKIYYILRQSELVDLYIQVAQNVALYTGDPNLGLELFEAAGDIFFDGAWEREKAVSFYRDRALPLAVTTGNRKAELRLCNKLVALLATLEEPQEGLEFAHMALALSITLGDRLNERVAYHRLAALQHRLGHGELAEHFYLKALSLCNSPLEFDEETLYYVKVYLVLGDIIFYDLKDPFDAAGYYQLALAAAVDLGNKKAQLKIYTRLATIYHNFLLDREKSLFFYQKARTFATELNVRRVNLPPLPLCGWAPWLAPSHPR*|MENLPAVTTEEPTPMGRGPVGPSGGGSTRDQVRTVVMRPSVSWEKAGPEEAKAPVRGDEAPPARVAGPAAGTPPCQMGVYPTDLTLQLLAVRRKSRLRDPGLQQTLRGQLRLLENDSREMARVLGELSARLMSIHSDQDRIVVTFKTFEEIWKFSTYHALGFTHHCLANLLMDQAFWLLLPSEEEETAIQVHVDENALRLTHESLLIQEGPFFVLCPDHHVRVMTGPRDAGNGPQALRQASGAPQGEAAPETDSSPPSPSVSSEEVAVAAAPEPLIPFHQWALRIPQDPIDDAMGGPVMPGNPLMAVGLASALADFQGSGPEEMTFRGGDLIEILGAQVPSLPWCVGRHAASGRVGFVRSSLISMQGPVSELESAIFLNEEEKSFFSEGCFSEEDARQLLRRMSGTDVCSVYSLDSVEEAETEQPQEKEIPPPCLSLEPQETLQKVKNVLEQCKTCPGCPQEPASWGLCAASSDVSLQDPEEPSFCLEAEDDWEDPEALSSLLLFLNAPGYKASFRGLYDVALPWLSSVFRSFSDEEELTGRLAQARGAAKKAGLLMALARLCFLLGRLCSRRLKLSQARVYFEEALGALEGSFGDLFLVVAVYANLASIYRKQKNREKCAQVVPKAMALLLGTPDHICSTEAEGELLQLALRRAVGGQSLQAEARACFLLARHHVHLKQPEEALPFLERLLLLHRDSGAPEAAWLSDCYLLLADIYSRKCLPHLVLSCVKVASLRTRGSLAGSLRSVNLVLQNAPQPHSLPAQTSHYLRQALASLTPGTGQALRGPLYTSLAQLYSHHGCHGPAITFMTQAVEASAIAGVRAIVDHLVALAWLHVLHGQSPVALDILQSVRDAVVASEDQEGVIANMVAVALKRTGRTRQAAESYYRALRVARDLGQQRNQAVGLANFGALCLHAGASRLAQHYLLEAVRLFSRLPLGECGRDFTHVLLQLGHLCTRQGPAQQGKGYYEWALLVAVEMGHVESQLRAVQRLCHFYSAVMPSEAQCVIYHELQLSLACKVADKVLEGQLLETISQLYLSLGTERAYKSALDYTKRSLGIFIDLQKKEKEAHAWLQAGKIYYILRQSELVDLYIQVAQNVALYTGDPNLGLELFEAAGDIFFDGAWEREKAVSFYRDRALPLAVTTGNRKAELRLCNKLVALLATLEEPQEGLEFAHMALALSITLGDRLNERVAYHRLAALQHRLGHGELAEHFYLKALSLCNSPLEFDEETLYYVKVYLVLGDIIFYDLKDPFDAAGYYQLALAAAVDLGNKKAQLKIYTRLATIYHNFLLDREKSLFFYQKARTFATELNVRRVNLPPLPLCGWAPWLAPSHPR*
chr4:8214493:C/A:1	chr4	8214493	C|A	1	SH3TC1	NR_134639	54436	non-coding	509	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr4:9248244:T/A:1	chr4	9248244	T|A	1	USP17L11	NM_001256854	100287178	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr4:9248244:T/A:1	chr4	9248244	T|A	1	USP17L18	NM_001256859	100287364	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr4:10005462:C/T:1	chr4	10005462	C|T	1	SLC2A9	NM_001001290	56606	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8521	None
chr4:10005462:C/T:1	chr4	10005462	C|T	1	SLC2A9	NM_020041	56606	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8521	None
chr4:15778700:C/A:1	chr4	15778700	C|A	1	CD38	NM_001775	952	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	53	None
chr4:15778700:C/A:1	chr4	15778700	C|A	1	CD38	NR_132660	952	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	53	None
chr4:21512091:G/A:1	chr4	21512091	G|A	1	KCNIP4	NM_001035004	80333	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32299	None
chr4:21512091:G/A:1	chr4	21512091	G|A	1	KCNIP4	NM_001035003	80333	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	185259	None
chr4:21512091:G/A:1	chr4	21512091	G|A	1	KCNIP4	NM_147182	80333	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	250830	None
chr4:25418042:G/T:1	chr4	25418042	G|T	1	ANAPC4	NM_001286756	29945	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	113	None
chr4:25418042:G/T:1	chr4	25418042	G|T	1	ANAPC4	NM_013367	29945	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	113	None
chr4:44448394:C/A:1	chr4	44448394	C|A	1	KCTD8	NM_198353	386617	coding	416	130	44	E>*	nonsyn:stop-gain	None	MALKDTGSGGSTILPISEMVSSSSSPGASAAAAPGPCAPSPFPEVVELNVGGQVYVTKHSTLLSVPDSTLASMFSPSSPRGGARRRGELPRDSRARFFIDRDGFLFRYVLDYLRDKQLALPEHFPEKERLLREAEYFQLTDLVKLLSPKVTKQNSLNDEGCQSDLEDNVSQGSSDALLLRGAAAAVPSGPGAHGGGGGGGAQDKRSGFLTLGYRGSYTTVRDNQADAKFRRVARIMVCGRIALAKEVFGDTLNESRDPDRQPEKYTSRFYLKFTYLEQAFDRLSEAGFHMVACNSSGTAAFVNQYRDDKIWSSYTEYIFFRPPQKIVSPKQEHEDRKHDKVTDKGSESGTSCNELSTSSCDSHSEASTPQDNPSSAQQATAHQPNTLTLDRPSKKAPVQWIPPPDKRRNSELFQTLISKSRETNLSKKKVCEKLSVEEEMKKCIQDFKKIHIPDYFPERKRQWQSELLQKYGL*|MALKDTGSGGSTILPISEMVSSSSSPGASAAAAPGPCAPSPFP*
chr4:48991272:G/T:1	chr4	48991272	G|T	1	CWH43	NM_001286791	80157	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	182	None
chr4:48991272:G/T:1	chr4	48991272	G|T	1	CWH43	NM_025087	80157	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	182	None
chr4:56478721:C/G:1	chr4	56478721	C|G	1	SRP72	NM_001267722	6731	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2019	None
chr4:56478721:C/G:1	chr4	56478721	C|G	1	SRP72	NM_006947	6731	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	72	None
chr4:56478721:C/G:1	chr4	56478721	C|G	1	SRP72	NR_151856	6731	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	72	None
chr4:56502018:T/G:1	chr4	56502018	T|G	1	SRP72	NR_151856	6731	non-coding	2327	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr4:56502018:T/G:1	chr4	56502018	T|G	1	SRP72	NM_001267722	6731	3utr	2030	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr4:56502018:T/G:1	chr4	56502018	T|G	1	SRP72	NM_006947	6731	3utr	2192	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr4:71544404:G/T:1	chr4	71544404	G|T	1	SLC4A4	NM_001098484	8671	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1946	None
chr4:71544404:G/T:1	chr4	71544404	G|T	1	SLC4A4	NM_001134742	8671	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1946	None
chr4:71544404:G/T:1	chr4	71544404	G|T	1	SLC4A4	NM_003759	8671	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1946	None
chr4:73447436:C/A:1	chr4	73447436	C|A	1	AFP	NM_001134	174	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chr4:73447436:C/A:1	chr4	73447436	C|A	1	AFP	NM_001354717	174	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chr4:76036090:T/C:1	chr4	76036090	T|C	1	ART3	NM_001130017	419	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24770	None
chr4:76036090:T/C:1	chr4	76036090	T|C	1	CXCL11	NM_001302123	6373	5utr	108	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr4:76036090:T/C:1	chr4	76036090	T|C	1	CXCL11	NM_005409	6373	5utr	108	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr4:82855072:T/A:1	chr4	82855072	T|A	1	SEC31A	NM_001077206	22872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr4:82855072:T/A:1	chr4	82855072	T|A	1	SEC31A	NM_001077207	22872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr4:82855072:T/A:1	chr4	82855072	T|A	1	SEC31A	NM_001077208	22872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr4:82855072:T/A:1	chr4	82855072	T|A	1	SEC31A	NM_001191049	22872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr4:82855072:T/A:1	chr4	82855072	T|A	1	SEC31A	NM_001300744	22872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr4:82855072:T/A:1	chr4	82855072	T|A	1	SEC31A	NM_001300745	22872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr4:82855072:T/A:1	chr4	82855072	T|A	1	SEC31A	NM_001318119	22872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr4:82855072:T/A:1	chr4	82855072	T|A	1	SEC31A	NM_001318120	22872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr4:82855072:T/A:1	chr4	82855072	T|A	1	SEC31A	NM_016211	22872	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr4:83460892:G/T:1	chr4	83460892	G|T	1	MRPS18C	NM_001297770	51023	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr4:83460892:G/T:1	chr4	83460892	G|T	1	MRPS18C	NM_001297769	51023	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr4:83460892:G/T:1	chr4	83460892	G|T	1	ABRAXAS1	NM_001345962	84142	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr4:83460892:G/T:1	chr4	83460892	G|T	1	ABRAXAS1	NM_139076	84142	3utr	2835	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr4:83460892:G/T:1	chr4	83460892	G|T	1	MRPS18C	NM_001297767	51023	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr4:83460892:G/T:1	chr4	83460892	G|T	1	MRPS18C	NM_016067	51023	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	81	None
chr4:86970906:G/T:1	chr4	86970906	G|T	1	AFF1	NM_001166693	4299	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	22335	None
chr4:88265238:T/C:1	chr4	88265238	T|C	1	PPM1K	NM_152542	152926	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	103	None
chr4:88330963:C/A:1	chr4	88330963	C|A	1	PPM1K-DT	NR_134238	105369192	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9899	None
chr4:88330963:C/A:1	chr4	88330963	C|A	1	PPM1K-DT	NR_134236	105369192	non-coding	1208	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr4:88330963:C/A:1	chr4	88330963	C|A	1	PPM1K-DT	NR_134237	105369192	non-coding	1132	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr4:98343222:G/A:1	chr4	98343222	G|A	1	RAP1GDS1	NM_001100426	5910	coding	389	199	67	A>T	nonsyn	None	MADNLSDTLKKLKITAVDKTEDSLEGCLDCLLQALAQNNTETSEKIQASGILQLFASLLTPQSSCKAKVANIIAEVAKNEFMRIPCVDAGLISPLVQLLNSKDQEVLLQTGRALGNICYDSHEGRSAVDQAGGAQIVIDHLRSLCSITDPANEKLLTVFCGMLMNYSNENDSLQAQLINMGVIPTLVKLLGIHCQNAALTEMCLVAFGNLAELESSKEQFASTNIAEELVKLFKKQIEHDKREMIFEVLAPLAENDAIKLQLVEAGLVECLLEIVQQKVDSDKEDDITELKTGSDLMVLLLLGDESMQKLFEGGKGSVFQRVLSWIPSNNHQLQLAGALAIANFARNDANCIHMVDNGIVEKLMDLLDRHVEDGNVTVQHAALSALRNLAIPVINKAKMLSAGVTEAVLKFLKSEMPPVQFKLLGTLRMLIDAQAEAAEQLGKNVKLVERLVEWCEAKDHAGVMGESNRLLSALIRHSKSKDVIKTIVQSGGIKHLVTMATSEHVIMQNEALVALALIAALELGTAEKDLESAKLVQILHRLLADERSAPEIKYNSMVLICALMGSECLHKEVQDLAFLDVVSKLRSHENKSVAQQASLTEQRLTVES*|MADNLSDTLKKLKITAVDKTEDSLEGCLDCLLQALAQNNTETSEKIQASGILQLFASLLTPQSSCKTKVANIIAEVAKNEFMRIPCVDAGLISPLVQLLNSKDQEVLLQTGRALGNICYDSHEGRSAVDQAGGAQIVIDHLRSLCSITDPANEKLLTVFCGMLMNYSNENDSLQAQLINMGVIPTLVKLLGIHCQNAALTEMCLVAFGNLAELESSKEQFASTNIAEELVKLFKKQIEHDKREMIFEVLAPLAENDAIKLQLVEAGLVECLLEIVQQKVDSDKEDDITELKTGSDLMVLLLLGDESMQKLFEGGKGSVFQRVLSWIPSNNHQLQLAGALAIANFARNDANCIHMVDNGIVEKLMDLLDRHVEDGNVTVQHAALSALRNLAIPVINKAKMLSAGVTEAVLKFLKSEMPPVQFKLLGTLRMLIDAQAEAAEQLGKNVKLVERLVEWCEAKDHAGVMGESNRLLSALIRHSKSKDVIKTIVQSGGIKHLVTMATSEHVIMQNEALVALALIAALELGTAEKDLESAKLVQILHRLLADERSAPEIKYNSMVLICALMGSECLHKEVQDLAFLDVVSKLRSHENKSVAQQASLTEQRLTVES*
chr4:98343222:G/A:1	chr4	98343222	G|A	1	RAP1GDS1	NM_001100427	5910	coding	386	196	66	A>T	nonsyn	None	MDNLSDTLKKLKITAVDKTEDSLEGCLDCLLQALAQNNTETSEKIQASGILQLFASLLTPQSSCKAKVANIIAEVAKNEFMRIPCVDAGLISPLVQLLNSKDQEVLLQTGRALGNICYDSHEGRSAVDQAGGAQIVIDHLRSLCSITDPANEKLLTVFCGMLMNYSNENDSLQAQLINMGVIPTLVKLLGIHCQNAALTEMCLVAFGNLAELESSKEQFASTNIAEELVKLFKKQIEHDKREMIFEVLAPLAENDAIKLQLVEAGLVECLLEIVQQKVDSDKEDDITELKTGSDLMVLLLLGDESMQKLFEGGKGSVFQRVLSWIPSNNHQLQLAGALAIANFARNDANCIHMVDNGIVEKLMDLLDRHVEDGNVTVQHAALSALRNLAIPVINKAKMLSAGVTEAVLKFLKSEMPPVQFKLLGTLRMLIDAQAEAAEQLGKNVKLVERLVEWCEAKDHAGVMGESNRLLSALIRHSKSKDVIKTIVQSGGIKHLVTMATSEHVIMQNEALVALALIAALELGTAEKDLESAKLVQILHRLLADERSAPEIKYNSMVLICALMGSECLHKEVQDLAFLDVVSKLRSHENKSVAQQASLTEQRLTVES*|MDNLSDTLKKLKITAVDKTEDSLEGCLDCLLQALAQNNTETSEKIQASGILQLFASLLTPQSSCKTKVANIIAEVAKNEFMRIPCVDAGLISPLVQLLNSKDQEVLLQTGRALGNICYDSHEGRSAVDQAGGAQIVIDHLRSLCSITDPANEKLLTVFCGMLMNYSNENDSLQAQLINMGVIPTLVKLLGIHCQNAALTEMCLVAFGNLAELESSKEQFASTNIAEELVKLFKKQIEHDKREMIFEVLAPLAENDAIKLQLVEAGLVECLLEIVQQKVDSDKEDDITELKTGSDLMVLLLLGDESMQKLFEGGKGSVFQRVLSWIPSNNHQLQLAGALAIANFARNDANCIHMVDNGIVEKLMDLLDRHVEDGNVTVQHAALSALRNLAIPVINKAKMLSAGVTEAVLKFLKSEMPPVQFKLLGTLRMLIDAQAEAAEQLGKNVKLVERLVEWCEAKDHAGVMGESNRLLSALIRHSKSKDVIKTIVQSGGIKHLVTMATSEHVIMQNEALVALALIAALELGTAEKDLESAKLVQILHRLLADERSAPEIKYNSMVLICALMGSECLHKEVQDLAFLDVVSKLRSHENKSVAQQASLTEQRLTVES*
chr4:98343222:G/A:1	chr4	98343222	G|A	1	RAP1GDS1	NM_001100428	5910	coding	389	199	67	A>T	nonsyn	None	MADNLSDTLKKLKITAVDKTEDSLEGCLDCLLQALAQNNTETSEKIQASGILQLFASLLTPQSSCKAKVANIIAEVAKNEFMRIPCVDAGLISPLVQLLNSKDQEVLLQTGRALGNICYDSHSLQAQLINMGVIPTLVKLLGIHCQNAALTEMCLVAFGNLAELESSKEQFASTNIAEELVKLFKKQIEHDKREMIFEVLAPLAENDAIKLQLVEAGLVECLLEIVQQKVDSDKEDDITELKTGSDLMVLLLLGDESMQKLFEGGKGSVFQRVLSWIPSNNHQLQLAGALAIANFARNDANCIHMVDNGIVEKLMDLLDRHVEDGNVTVQHAALSALRNLAIPVINKAKMLSAGVTEAVLKFLKSEMPPVQFKLLGTLRMLIDAQAEAAEQLGKNVKLVERLVEWCEAKDHAGVMGESNRLLSALIRHSKSKDVIKTIVQSGGIKHLVTMATSEHVIMQNEALVALALIAALELGTAEKDLESAKLVQILHRLLADERSAPEIKYNSMVLICALMGSECLHKEVQDLAFLDVVSKLRSHENKSVAQQASLTEQRLTVES*|MADNLSDTLKKLKITAVDKTEDSLEGCLDCLLQALAQNNTETSEKIQASGILQLFASLLTPQSSCKTKVANIIAEVAKNEFMRIPCVDAGLISPLVQLLNSKDQEVLLQTGRALGNICYDSHSLQAQLINMGVIPTLVKLLGIHCQNAALTEMCLVAFGNLAELESSKEQFASTNIAEELVKLFKKQIEHDKREMIFEVLAPLAENDAIKLQLVEAGLVECLLEIVQQKVDSDKEDDITELKTGSDLMVLLLLGDESMQKLFEGGKGSVFQRVLSWIPSNNHQLQLAGALAIANFARNDANCIHMVDNGIVEKLMDLLDRHVEDGNVTVQHAALSALRNLAIPVINKAKMLSAGVTEAVLKFLKSEMPPVQFKLLGTLRMLIDAQAEAAEQLGKNVKLVERLVEWCEAKDHAGVMGESNRLLSALIRHSKSKDVIKTIVQSGGIKHLVTMATSEHVIMQNEALVALALIAALELGTAEKDLESAKLVQILHRLLADERSAPEIKYNSMVLICALMGSECLHKEVQDLAFLDVVSKLRSHENKSVAQQASLTEQRLTVES*
chr4:98343222:G/A:1	chr4	98343222	G|A	1	RAP1GDS1	NM_001100429	5910	coding	386	196	66	A>T	nonsyn	None	MDNLSDTLKKLKITAVDKTEDSLEGCLDCLLQALAQNNTETSEKIQASGILQLFASLLTPQSSCKAKVANIIAEVAKNEFMRIPCVDAGLISPLVQLLNSKDQEVLLQTGRALGNICYDSHSLQAQLINMGVIPTLVKLLGIHCQNAALTEMCLVAFGNLAELESSKEQFASTNIAEELVKLFKKQIEHDKREMIFEVLAPLAENDAIKLQLVEAGLVECLLEIVQQKVDSDKEDDITELKTGSDLMVLLLLGDESMQKLFEGGKGSVFQRVLSWIPSNNHQLQLAGALAIANFARNDANCIHMVDNGIVEKLMDLLDRHVEDGNVTVQHAALSALRNLAIPVINKAKMLSAGVTEAVLKFLKSEMPPVQFKLLGTLRMLIDAQAEAAEQLGKNVKLVERLVEWCEAKDHAGVMGESNRLLSALIRHSKSKDVIKTIVQSGGIKHLVTMATSEHVIMQNEALVALALIAALELGTAEKDLESAKLVQILHRLLADERSAPEIKYNSMVLICALMGSECLHKEVQDLAFLDVVSKLRSHENKSVAQQASLTEQRLTVES*|MDNLSDTLKKLKITAVDKTEDSLEGCLDCLLQALAQNNTETSEKIQASGILQLFASLLTPQSSCKTKVANIIAEVAKNEFMRIPCVDAGLISPLVQLLNSKDQEVLLQTGRALGNICYDSHSLQAQLINMGVIPTLVKLLGIHCQNAALTEMCLVAFGNLAELESSKEQFASTNIAEELVKLFKKQIEHDKREMIFEVLAPLAENDAIKLQLVEAGLVECLLEIVQQKVDSDKEDDITELKTGSDLMVLLLLGDESMQKLFEGGKGSVFQRVLSWIPSNNHQLQLAGALAIANFARNDANCIHMVDNGIVEKLMDLLDRHVEDGNVTVQHAALSALRNLAIPVINKAKMLSAGVTEAVLKFLKSEMPPVQFKLLGTLRMLIDAQAEAAEQLGKNVKLVERLVEWCEAKDHAGVMGESNRLLSALIRHSKSKDVIKTIVQSGGIKHLVTMATSEHVIMQNEALVALALIAALELGTAEKDLESAKLVQILHRLLADERSAPEIKYNSMVLICALMGSECLHKEVQDLAFLDVVSKLRSHENKSVAQQASLTEQRLTVES*
chr4:98343222:G/A:1	chr4	98343222	G|A	1	RAP1GDS1	NM_001100430	5910	coding	389	199	67	A>T	nonsyn	None	MADNLSDTLKKLKITAVDKTEDSLEGCLDCLLQALAQNNTETSEKIQASGILQLFASLLTPQSSCKAKVANIIAEVAKNEFMRIPCVDAGLISPLVQLLNSKDQEVLLQTGRALGNICYDSQSSKEQFASTNIAEELVKLFKKQIEHDKREMIFEVLAPLAENDAIKLQLVEAGLVECLLEIVQQKVDSDKEDDITELKTGSDLMVLLLLGDESMQKLFEGGKGSVFQRVLSWIPSNNHQLQLAGALAIANFARNDANCIHMVDNGIVEKLMDLLDRHVEDGNVTVQHAALSALRNLAIPVINKAKMLSAGVTEAVLKFLKSEMPPVQFKLLGTLRMLIDAQAEAAEQLGKNVKLVERLVEWCEAKDHAGVMGESNRLLSALIRHSKSKDVIKTIVQSGGIKHLVTMATSEHVIMQNEALVALALIAALELGTAEKDLESAKLVQILHRLLADERSAPEIKYNSMVLICALMGSECLHKEVQDLAFLDVVSKLRSHENKSVAQQASLTEQRLTVES*|MADNLSDTLKKLKITAVDKTEDSLEGCLDCLLQALAQNNTETSEKIQASGILQLFASLLTPQSSCKTKVANIIAEVAKNEFMRIPCVDAGLISPLVQLLNSKDQEVLLQTGRALGNICYDSQSSKEQFASTNIAEELVKLFKKQIEHDKREMIFEVLAPLAENDAIKLQLVEAGLVECLLEIVQQKVDSDKEDDITELKTGSDLMVLLLLGDESMQKLFEGGKGSVFQRVLSWIPSNNHQLQLAGALAIANFARNDANCIHMVDNGIVEKLMDLLDRHVEDGNVTVQHAALSALRNLAIPVINKAKMLSAGVTEAVLKFLKSEMPPVQFKLLGTLRMLIDAQAEAAEQLGKNVKLVERLVEWCEAKDHAGVMGESNRLLSALIRHSKSKDVIKTIVQSGGIKHLVTMATSEHVIMQNEALVALALIAALELGTAEKDLESAKLVQILHRLLADERSAPEIKYNSMVLICALMGSECLHKEVQDLAFLDVVSKLRSHENKSVAQQASLTEQRLTVES*
chr4:98343222:G/A:1	chr4	98343222	G|A	1	RAP1GDS1	NM_021159	5910	coding	389	199	67	A>T	nonsyn	None	MADNLSDTLKKLKITAVDKTEDSLEGCLDCLLQALAQNNTETSEKIQASGILQLFASLLTPQSSCKAKVANIIAEVAKNEFMRIPCVDAGLISPLVQLLNSKDQEVLLQTGRALGNICYDSHEGRSAVDQAGGAQIVIDHLRSLCSITDPANEKLLTVFCGMLMNYSNENDSLQAQLINMGVIPTLVKLLGIHCQNAALTEMCLVAFGNLAELESSKEQFASTNIAEELVKLFKKQIEHDKREMIFEVLAPLAENDAIKLQLVEAGLVECLLEIVQQKVDSDKEDDITELKTGSDLMVLLLLGDESMQKLFEGGKGSVFQRVLSWIPSNNHQLQLAGALAIANFARNDANCIHMVDNGIVEKLMDLLDRHVEDGNVTVQHAALSALRNLAIPVINKAKMLSAGVTEAVLKFLKSEMPPVQFKLLGTLRMLIDAQEAAEQLGKNVKLVERLVEWCEAKDHAGVMGESNRLLSALIRHSKSKDVIKTIVQSGGIKHLVTMATSEHVIMQNEALVALALIAALELGTAEKDLESAKLVQILHRLLADERSAPEIKYNSMVLICALMGSECLHKEVQDLAFLDVVSKLRSHENKSVAQQASLTEQRLTVES*|MADNLSDTLKKLKITAVDKTEDSLEGCLDCLLQALAQNNTETSEKIQASGILQLFASLLTPQSSCKTKVANIIAEVAKNEFMRIPCVDAGLISPLVQLLNSKDQEVLLQTGRALGNICYDSHEGRSAVDQAGGAQIVIDHLRSLCSITDPANEKLLTVFCGMLMNYSNENDSLQAQLINMGVIPTLVKLLGIHCQNAALTEMCLVAFGNLAELESSKEQFASTNIAEELVKLFKKQIEHDKREMIFEVLAPLAENDAIKLQLVEAGLVECLLEIVQQKVDSDKEDDITELKTGSDLMVLLLLGDESMQKLFEGGKGSVFQRVLSWIPSNNHQLQLAGALAIANFARNDANCIHMVDNGIVEKLMDLLDRHVEDGNVTVQHAALSALRNLAIPVINKAKMLSAGVTEAVLKFLKSEMPPVQFKLLGTLRMLIDAQEAAEQLGKNVKLVERLVEWCEAKDHAGVMGESNRLLSALIRHSKSKDVIKTIVQSGGIKHLVTMATSEHVIMQNEALVALALIAALELGTAEKDLESAKLVQILHRLLADERSAPEIKYNSMVLICALMGSECLHKEVQDLAFLDVVSKLRSHENKSVAQQASLTEQRLTVES*
chr4:112554037:T/A:1	chr4	112554037	T|A	1	ZGRF1	NM_001350397	55345	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	55	None
chr4:112554037:T/A:1	chr4	112554037	T|A	1	ZGRF1	NM_018392	55345	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	55	None
chr4:118833895:C/A:1	chr4	118833895	C|A	1	SEC24D	NM_001318066	9871	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	158	None
chr4:118833895:C/A:1	chr4	118833895	C|A	1	SEC24D	NM_014822	9871	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	158	None
chr4:122264459:A/G:1	chr4	122264459	A|G	1	KIAA1109	NM_015312	84162	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	32	None
chr4:138926430:C/A:1	chr4	138926430	C|A	1	LOC105377448	NR_133945	105377448	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	69482	None
chr4:140287063:A/C:1	chr4	140287063	A|C	1	SCOC	NM_032547	60592	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29653	None
chr4:140287063:A/C:1	chr4	140287063	A|C	1	SCOC-AS1	NR_033939	100129858	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1795	None
chr4:140668889:G/A:1	chr4	140668889	G|A	1	TBC1D9	NM_015130	23158	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	28	None
chr4:144116771:A/T:1	chr4	144116771	A|T	1	GYPA	NM_001308187	2993	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	83	None
chr4:144116771:A/T:1	chr4	144116771	A|T	1	GYPA	NM_001308190	2993	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	83	None
chr4:144116771:A/T:1	chr4	144116771	A|T	1	GYPA	NM_002099	2993	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	83	None
chr4:147964990:A/T:1	chr4	147964990	A|T	1	ARHGAP10	NM_024605	79658	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	34	None
chr4:147975614:C/A:1	chr4	147975614	C|A	1	ARHGAP10	NM_024605	79658	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8775	None
chr4:151717175:T/A:1	chr4	151717175	T|A	1	GATB	NM_001363341	5188	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	101	None
chr4:151717175:T/A:1	chr4	151717175	T|A	1	GATB	NM_004564	5188	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	101	None
chr4:152350128:T/A:1	chr4	152350128	T|A	1	FBXW7	NM_018315	55294	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr4:152350128:T/A:1	chr4	152350128	T|A	1	FBXW7	NM_001013415	55294	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr4:152350128:T/A:1	chr4	152350128	T|A	1	FBXW7	NM_001349798	55294	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr4:152350128:T/A:1	chr4	152350128	T|A	1	FBXW7	NM_033632	55294	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4	None
chr4:154546952:G/C:1	chr4	154546952	G|C	1	PLRG1	NM_002669	5356	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chr4:154546952:G/C:1	chr4	154546952	G|C	1	PLRG1	NM_001201564	5356	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	86	None
chr4:190177951:G/T:1	chr4	190177951	G|T	1	DUX4	NR_137167	100288687	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2667	None
chr4:190177960:A/C:1	chr4	190177960	A|C	1	DUX4	NR_137167	100288687	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2676	None
chr4:190177961:G/A:1	chr4	190177961	G|A	1	DUX4	NR_137167	100288687	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2677	None
chr5:878410:T/A:1	chr5	878410	T|A	1	BRD9	NM_001009877	65980	coding	1210	1057	353	M>L	nonsyn	None	MMTGQTMSERGTKKRKRRRRRSPRRRSIWTMRKEGSERKRRSGSERGSTVTRRERLTTLILGRRWRWSRPQIGQSERAGHSQPKMRAHLFSNSWNTSSASFRDPHGFFAFPVTDAIAPGYSMIIKHPMDFGTMKDKIVANEYKSVTEFKADFKLMCDNAMTYNRPDTVYYKLAKKILHAGFKMMSKQAALLGNEDTAVEEPVPEVVPVQVETAKKSKKPSREVISCMFEPEGNACSLTDSTAEEHVLALVEHAADEARDRINRFLPGGKMGYLKRNGDGSLLYSVVNTAEPDADEEETHPVDLSSLSSKLLPGFTTLGFKDERRNKVTFLSSATTALSMQNNSVFGDLKSDEMELLYSAYGDETGVQCALSLQEFVKDAGSYSKKVVDDLLDQITGGDHSRTLFQLKQRRNVPMKPPDEAKVGDTLGDSSSSVLEFMSMKSYPDVSVDISMLSSLGKVKKELDPDDSHLNLDETTKLLQDLHEAQAERGGSRPSSNLSSLSNASERDQHHLGSPSRLSVGEQPDVTHDPYEFLQSPEPAASAKT*|MMTGQTMSERGTKKRKRRRRRSPRRRSIWTMRKEGSERKRRSGSERGSTVTRRERLTTLILGRRWRWSRPQIGQSERAGHSQPKMRAHLFSNSWNTSSASFRDPHGFFAFPVTDAIAPGYSMIIKHPMDFGTMKDKIVANEYKSVTEFKADFKLMCDNAMTYNRPDTVYYKLAKKILHAGFKMMSKQAALLGNEDTAVEEPVPEVVPVQVETAKKSKKPSREVISCMFEPEGNACSLTDSTAEEHVLALVEHAADEARDRINRFLPGGKMGYLKRNGDGSLLYSVVNTAEPDADEEETHPVDLSSLSSKLLPGFTTLGFKDERRNKVTFLSSATTALSMQNNSVFGDLKSDELELLYSAYGDETGVQCALSLQEFVKDAGSYSKKVVDDLLDQITGGDHSRTLFQLKQRRNVPMKPPDEAKVGDTLGDSSSSVLEFMSMKSYPDVSVDISMLSSLGKVKKELDPDDSHLNLDETTKLLQDLHEAQAERGGSRPSSNLSSLSNASERDQHHLGSPSRLSVGEQPDVTHDPYEFLQSPEPAASAKT*
chr5:878410:T/A:1	chr5	878410	T|A	1	BRD9	NM_001317951	65980	coding	1562	928	310	M>L	nonsyn	None	MKGYQSLVFNFFFLKLSAENESTPIQQLLEHFLRQLQRKDPHGFFAFPVTDAIAPGYSMIIKHPMDFGTMKDKIVANEYKSVTEFKADFKLMCDNAMTYNRPDTVYYKLAKKILHAGFKMMSKERLLALKRSMSFMQDMDFSQQAALLGNEDTAVEEPVPEVVPVQVETAKKSKKPSREVISCMFEPEGNACSLTDSTAEEHVLALVEHAADEARDRINRFLPGGKMGYLKRNGDGSLLYSVVNTAEPDADEEETHPVDLSSLSSKLLPGFTTLGFKDERRNKVTFLSSATTALSMQNNSVFGDLKSDEMELLYSAYGDETGVQCALSLQEFVKDAGSYSKKVVDDLLDQITGGDHSRTLFQLKQRRNVPMKPPDEAKVGDTLGDSSSSVLEFMSMKSYPDVSVDISMLSSLGKVKKELDPDDSHLNLDETTKLLQDLHEAQAERGGSRPSSNLSSLSNASERDQHHLGSPSRLSVGEQPDVTHDPYEFLQSPEPAASAKT*|MKGYQSLVFNFFFLKLSAENESTPIQQLLEHFLRQLQRKDPHGFFAFPVTDAIAPGYSMIIKHPMDFGTMKDKIVANEYKSVTEFKADFKLMCDNAMTYNRPDTVYYKLAKKILHAGFKMMSKERLLALKRSMSFMQDMDFSQQAALLGNEDTAVEEPVPEVVPVQVETAKKSKKPSREVISCMFEPEGNACSLTDSTAEEHVLALVEHAADEARDRINRFLPGGKMGYLKRNGDGSLLYSVVNTAEPDADEEETHPVDLSSLSSKLLPGFTTLGFKDERRNKVTFLSSATTALSMQNNSVFGDLKSDELELLYSAYGDETGVQCALSLQEFVKDAGSYSKKVVDDLLDQITGGDHSRTLFQLKQRRNVPMKPPDEAKVGDTLGDSSSSVLEFMSMKSYPDVSVDISMLSSLGKVKKELDPDDSHLNLDETTKLLQDLHEAQAERGGSRPSSNLSSLSNASERDQHHLGSPSRLSVGEQPDVTHDPYEFLQSPEPAASAKT*
chr5:878410:T/A:1	chr5	878410	T|A	1	BRD9	NM_023924	65980	coding	1360	1216	406	M>L	nonsyn	None	MGKKHKKHKAEWRSSYEDYADKPLEKPLKLVLKVGGSEVTELSGSGHDSSYYDDRSDHERERHKEKKKKKKKKSEKEKHLDDEERRKRKEEKKRKREREHCDTEGEADDFDPGKKVEVEPPPDRPVRACRTQPAENESTPIQQLLEHFLRQLQRKDPHGFFAFPVTDAIAPGYSMIIKHPMDFGTMKDKIVANEYKSVTEFKADFKLMCDNAMTYNRPDTVYYKLAKKILHAGFKMMSKQAALLGNEDTAVEEPVPEVVPVQVETAKKSKKPSREVISCMFEPEGNACSLTDSTAEEHVLALVEHAADEARDRINRFLPGGKMGYLKRNGDGSLLYSVVNTAEPDADEEETHPVDLSSLSSKLLPGFTTLGFKDERRNKVTFLSSATTALSMQNNSVFGDLKSDEMELLYSAYGDETGVQCALSLQEFVKDAGSYSKKVVDDLLDQITGGDHSRTLFQLKQRRNVPMKPPDEAKVGDTLGDSSSSVLEFMSMKSYPDVSVDISMLSSLGKVKKELDPDDSHLNLDETTKLLQDLHEAQAERGGSRPSSNLSSLSNASERDQHHLGSPSRLSVGEQPDVTHDPYEFLQSPEPAASAKT*|MGKKHKKHKAEWRSSYEDYADKPLEKPLKLVLKVGGSEVTELSGSGHDSSYYDDRSDHERERHKEKKKKKKKKSEKEKHLDDEERRKRKEEKKRKREREHCDTEGEADDFDPGKKVEVEPPPDRPVRACRTQPAENESTPIQQLLEHFLRQLQRKDPHGFFAFPVTDAIAPGYSMIIKHPMDFGTMKDKIVANEYKSVTEFKADFKLMCDNAMTYNRPDTVYYKLAKKILHAGFKMMSKQAALLGNEDTAVEEPVPEVVPVQVETAKKSKKPSREVISCMFEPEGNACSLTDSTAEEHVLALVEHAADEARDRINRFLPGGKMGYLKRNGDGSLLYSVVNTAEPDADEEETHPVDLSSLSSKLLPGFTTLGFKDERRNKVTFLSSATTALSMQNNSVFGDLKSDELELLYSAYGDETGVQCALSLQEFVKDAGSYSKKVVDDLLDQITGGDHSRTLFQLKQRRNVPMKPPDEAKVGDTLGDSSSSVLEFMSMKSYPDVSVDISMLSSLGKVKKELDPDDSHLNLDETTKLLQDLHEAQAERGGSRPSSNLSSLSNASERDQHHLGSPSRLSVGEQPDVTHDPYEFLQSPEPAASAKT*
chr5:878410:T/A:1	chr5	878410	T|A	1	BRD9	NR_134296	65980	non-coding	1719	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr5:1501675:T/C:1	chr5	1501675	T|C	1	LPCAT1	NM_024830	79888	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	72	None
chr5:8870155:C/T:1	chr5	8870155	C|T	1	LINC02199	NR_109932	101929284	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10733	None
chr5:21461931:T/A:1	chr5	21461931	T|A	1	GUSBP1	NR_027027	728411	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65	None
chr5:21461931:T/A:1	chr5	21461931	T|A	1	GUSBP1	NR_027028	728411	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65	None
chr5:21461931:T/A:1	chr5	21461931	T|A	1	GUSBP1	NR_027026	728411	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65	None
chr5:32403799:G/T:1	chr5	32403799	G|T	1	ZFR	NM_016107	51663	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	107	None
chr5:32403799:G/T:1	chr5	32403799	G|T	1	ZFR	NR_144318	51663	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	107	None
chr5:34187322:C/T:1	chr5	34187322	C|T	1	C1QTNF3	NR_146599	114899	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4455	None
chr5:34192606:C/G:1	chr5	34192606	C|G	1	C1QTNF3	NR_146599	114899	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9739	None
chr5:34192606:C/G:1	chr5	34192606	C|G	1	LOC646652	NR_157803	646652	non-coding	3026	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr5:38482482:C/A:1	chr5	38482482	C|A	1	LIFR	NM_001127671	3977	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	107	None
chr5:38482482:C/A:1	chr5	38482482	C|A	1	LIFR	NM_001364297	3977	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	107	None
chr5:38482482:C/A:1	chr5	38482482	C|A	1	LIFR	NM_001364298	3977	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	107	None
chr5:38482482:C/A:1	chr5	38482482	C|A	1	LIFR	NM_002310	3977	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	107	None
chr5:39342273:C/A:1	chr5	39342273	C|A	1	C9	NM_001737	735	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr5:40936518:G/A:1	chr5	40936518	G|A	1	C7	NM_000587	730	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	33	None
chr5:41475977:G/A:1	chr5	41475977	G|A	1	PLCXD3	NM_001005473	345557	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	34447	None
chr5:58454762:G/T:1	chr5	58454762	G|T	1	PLK2	NM_001252226	10769	coding	2017	1837	613	H>N	nonsyn	None	MELLRTITYQPAASTKMCEQALGKGCGADSKKKRPPQPPEESQPPQSQAQVPPAISRIIVDPTTGKRYCRGKVLGKGGFAKCYEMTDLTNNKVYAAKIIPHSRVAKPHQREKIDKEIELHRILHHKHVVQFYHYFEDKENIYILLEYCSRRSMAHILKARKVLTEPEVRYYLRQIVSGLKYLHEQEILHRDLKLGNFFINEAMELKVGDFGLAARLEPLEHRRRTICGTPNYLSPEVLNKQGHGCESDIWALGCVMYTMLLGRPPFETTNLKETYRCIREARYTMPSSLLAPAKHLIASMLSKNPEDRPSLDDIIRHDFFLQGFTPDRLSSSCCHTVPDFHLSSPAKNFFKKAAAALFGGKKDKARYIDTHNRVSKEDEDIYKLRHDLKKTSITQQPSKHRTDEELQPPTTTVARSGTPAVENKQQIGDAIRMIVRGTLGSCSSSSECLEDSTMGSVADTVARVLRGCLENMPEADCIPKEQLSTSFQWVTKWVDYSNKYGFGYQLSDHTVGVLFNNGAHMSLLPDKKTVHYYAELGQCSVFPATDAPEQFISQVTVLKYFSHYMEENLMDGGDLPSVTDIRRPRLYLLQWLKSDKALMMLFNDGTFQVNFYHDHTKIIICSQNEEYLLTYINEDRISTTFRLTTLLMSGCSSELKNRMEYALNMLLQRCN*|MELLRTITYQPAASTKMCEQALGKGCGADSKKKRPPQPPEESQPPQSQAQVPPAISRIIVDPTTGKRYCRGKVLGKGGFAKCYEMTDLTNNKVYAAKIIPHSRVAKPHQREKIDKEIELHRILHHKHVVQFYHYFEDKENIYILLEYCSRRSMAHILKARKVLTEPEVRYYLRQIVSGLKYLHEQEILHRDLKLGNFFINEAMELKVGDFGLAARLEPLEHRRRTICGTPNYLSPEVLNKQGHGCESDIWALGCVMYTMLLGRPPFETTNLKETYRCIREARYTMPSSLLAPAKHLIASMLSKNPEDRPSLDDIIRHDFFLQGFTPDRLSSSCCHTVPDFHLSSPAKNFFKKAAAALFGGKKDKARYIDTHNRVSKEDEDIYKLRHDLKKTSITQQPSKHRTDEELQPPTTTVARSGTPAVENKQQIGDAIRMIVRGTLGSCSSSSECLEDSTMGSVADTVARVLRGCLENMPEADCIPKEQLSTSFQWVTKWVDYSNKYGFGYQLSDHTVGVLFNNGAHMSLLPDKKTVHYYAELGQCSVFPATDAPEQFISQVTVLKYFSHYMEENLMDGGDLPSVTDIRRPRLYLLQWLKSDKALMMLFNDGTFQVNFYNDHTKIIICSQNEEYLLTYINEDRISTTFRLTTLLMSGCSSELKNRMEYALNMLLQRCN*
chr5:58454762:G/T:1	chr5	58454762	G|T	1	PLK2	NM_006622	10769	coding	2006	1879	627	H>N	nonsyn	None	MELLRTITYQPAASTKMCEQALGKGCGADSKKKRPPQPPEESQPPQSQAQVPPAAPHHHHHHSHSGPEISRIIVDPTTGKRYCRGKVLGKGGFAKCYEMTDLTNNKVYAAKIIPHSRVAKPHQREKIDKEIELHRILHHKHVVQFYHYFEDKENIYILLEYCSRRSMAHILKARKVLTEPEVRYYLRQIVSGLKYLHEQEILHRDLKLGNFFINEAMELKVGDFGLAARLEPLEHRRRTICGTPNYLSPEVLNKQGHGCESDIWALGCVMYTMLLGRPPFETTNLKETYRCIREARYTMPSSLLAPAKHLIASMLSKNPEDRPSLDDIIRHDFFLQGFTPDRLSSSCCHTVPDFHLSSPAKNFFKKAAAALFGGKKDKARYIDTHNRVSKEDEDIYKLRHDLKKTSITQQPSKHRTDEELQPPTTTVARSGTPAVENKQQIGDAIRMIVRGTLGSCSSSSECLEDSTMGSVADTVARVLRGCLENMPEADCIPKEQLSTSFQWVTKWVDYSNKYGFGYQLSDHTVGVLFNNGAHMSLLPDKKTVHYYAELGQCSVFPATDAPEQFISQVTVLKYFSHYMEENLMDGGDLPSVTDIRRPRLYLLQWLKSDKALMMLFNDGTFQVNFYHDHTKIIICSQNEEYLLTYINEDRISTTFRLTTLLMSGCSSELKNRMEYALNMLLQRCN*|MELLRTITYQPAASTKMCEQALGKGCGADSKKKRPPQPPEESQPPQSQAQVPPAAPHHHHHHSHSGPEISRIIVDPTTGKRYCRGKVLGKGGFAKCYEMTDLTNNKVYAAKIIPHSRVAKPHQREKIDKEIELHRILHHKHVVQFYHYFEDKENIYILLEYCSRRSMAHILKARKVLTEPEVRYYLRQIVSGLKYLHEQEILHRDLKLGNFFINEAMELKVGDFGLAARLEPLEHRRRTICGTPNYLSPEVLNKQGHGCESDIWALGCVMYTMLLGRPPFETTNLKETYRCIREARYTMPSSLLAPAKHLIASMLSKNPEDRPSLDDIIRHDFFLQGFTPDRLSSSCCHTVPDFHLSSPAKNFFKKAAAALFGGKKDKARYIDTHNRVSKEDEDIYKLRHDLKKTSITQQPSKHRTDEELQPPTTTVARSGTPAVENKQQIGDAIRMIVRGTLGSCSSSSECLEDSTMGSVADTVARVLRGCLENMPEADCIPKEQLSTSFQWVTKWVDYSNKYGFGYQLSDHTVGVLFNNGAHMSLLPDKKTVHYYAELGQCSVFPATDAPEQFISQVTVLKYFSHYMEENLMDGGDLPSVTDIRRPRLYLLQWLKSDKALMMLFNDGTFQVNFYNDHTKIIICSQNEEYLLTYINEDRISTTFRLTTLLMSGCSSELKNRMEYALNMLLQRCN*
chr5:59002058:C/A:1	chr5	59002058	C|A	1	PDE4D	NM_001104631	5144	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8593	None
chr5:59002058:C/A:1	chr5	59002058	C|A	1	PDE4D	NM_001165899	5144	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8593	None
chr5:59002058:C/A:1	chr5	59002058	C|A	1	PDE4D	NM_001197218	5144	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8593	None
chr5:59002058:C/A:1	chr5	59002058	C|A	1	PDE4D	NM_001197219	5144	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8593	None
chr5:59002058:C/A:1	chr5	59002058	C|A	1	PDE4D	NM_001197220	5144	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8593	None
chr5:59002058:C/A:1	chr5	59002058	C|A	1	PDE4D	NM_001197221	5144	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8593	None
chr5:59002058:C/A:1	chr5	59002058	C|A	1	PDE4D	NM_001197222	5144	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8593	None
chr5:59002058:C/A:1	chr5	59002058	C|A	1	PDE4D	NM_001349241	5144	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8593	None
chr5:59002058:C/A:1	chr5	59002058	C|A	1	PDE4D	NM_001349242	5144	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8593	None
chr5:59002058:C/A:1	chr5	59002058	C|A	1	PDE4D	NM_001349243	5144	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8593	None
chr5:59002058:C/A:1	chr5	59002058	C|A	1	PDE4D	NM_001364599	5144	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8593	None
chr5:59002058:C/A:1	chr5	59002058	C|A	1	PDE4D	NM_001364603	5144	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8593	None
chr5:59002058:C/A:1	chr5	59002058	C|A	1	PDE4D	NM_001364604	5144	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8593	None
chr5:59002058:C/A:1	chr5	59002058	C|A	1	PDE4D	NM_006203	5144	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8593	None
chr5:71462094:C/T:1	chr5	71462094	C|T	1	BDP1	NM_018429	55814	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	168	None
chr5:73087969:C/A:1	chr5	73087969	C|A	1	FCHO2	NM_001146032	115548	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	99	None
chr5:73087969:C/A:1	chr5	73087969	C|A	1	FCHO2	NM_138782	115548	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	99	None
chr5:76654711:T/C:1	chr5	76654711	T|C	1	IQGAP2	NM_001285460	10788	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	223	None
chr5:76654711:T/C:1	chr5	76654711	T|C	1	IQGAP2	NM_001285461	10788	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	223	None
chr5:76654711:T/C:1	chr5	76654711	T|C	1	IQGAP2	NM_001285462	10788	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	223	None
chr5:76654711:T/C:1	chr5	76654711	T|C	1	IQGAP2	NM_006633	10788	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	223	None
chr5:79300647:C/A:1	chr5	79300647	C|A	1	JMY	NM_152405	133746	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29	None
chr5:94678843:A/G:1	chr5	94678843	A|G	1	SLF1	NM_032290	84250	coding	1960	1863	621	G>G	syn	None	MEDGTPKHIIQMTGFKMEEKEALVKLLLKLDCTFIKSEKYKNCTHLIAERLCKSEKFLAACAAGKWILTKDYIIHSAKSGRWLDETTYEWGYKIEKDSRYSPQMQSAPKRWREELKRTGAPGAFHRWKVVLLVRTDKRSDSLIRVLEAGKANVILPKSSPSGITHVIASNARIKAEKEKDNFKAPFYPIQYLGDFLLEKEIQNDEDSQTNSVWTEHSNEETNKDFRKDAGFLEMKGALRETMYRTQKEMQNHEDVNVGSILIQHHKKEKFSGSSKDLKFVKMRNTFGSHTYENQKEIKKKDEDIQRSYTLRRKRKKGKESNCKKGVEHEKIKSTLRRHIYNRDQKEMKNSIFAEYAKESKAMAIKTDVDVVEIKNTLRKHIYRAQAVRYNCIRIDKQPVYNVEVKNAEFPRGVLNLIESLIEGHFFKEAIEELSTLQAHYIPPVCVLHALLENVLQDNIDTFSGRYFHILSALLHLHPPWKSPAMSRYYLELFQCPTCMKGAWSLVEVLIRSCLFNESFCHQISENIGSKVLHLTLLKFFFNLIESEVQHLSQKLYDWSDSQNLKITGKAMLLEIFWSGSETSGLLTKPVNMLLEWTIYSHKEKFKSNDVFKHELAYLLAGILGAAIDYWIFLGLKMGRNVMRHMSDDLGSYVSLSCDDFSSQELEIFICSFSSSWLQMFVAEAVFKKLCLQSSGSVSSEPLSLQKMVYSYLPALGKTGVLGSGKIQVSKKIGQRPCFDSQRTLLMLNGTKQKQVEGLPELLDLNLAKCSSSLKKLKKKSEGELSCSKENCPSVVKKMNFHKTNLKGETALHRACINNQVEKLILLLSLPGIDINVKDNAGWTPLHEACNYGNTVCVQEILQRCPEVDLLTQVDGVTPLHDALSNGHVEIGKLLLQHGGPVLLQQRNAKGELPLDYVVSPQIKEELFAITKIEDTVENFHAQAEKHFHYQQLEFGSFLLSRMLLNFCSIFDLSSEFILASKGLTHLNELLMACKSHKETTSVHTDWLLDLYAGNIKTLQKLPHILKELPENLKVCPGVHTEALMITLEMMCRSVMEFS*
chr5:119127320:C/A:1	chr5	119127320	C|A	1	DMXL1	NM_001290321	1657	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1891	None
chr5:119127320:C/A:1	chr5	119127320	C|A	1	DMXL1	NM_001290322	1657	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1891	None
chr5:119127320:C/A:1	chr5	119127320	C|A	1	DMXL1	NM_001349239	1657	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1891	None
chr5:119127320:C/A:1	chr5	119127320	C|A	1	DMXL1	NM_001349240	1657	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1891	None
chr5:119127320:C/A:1	chr5	119127320	C|A	1	DMXL1	NM_005509	1657	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1891	None
chr5:126559182:C/A:1	chr5	126559182	C|A	1	ALDH7A1	NM_001202404	501	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58	None
chr5:126559182:C/A:1	chr5	126559182	C|A	1	ALDH7A1	NM_001182	501	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58	None
chr5:126559182:C/A:1	chr5	126559182	C|A	1	ALDH7A1	NM_001201377	501	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58	None
chr5:133291950:G/T:1	chr5	133291950	G|T	1	FSTL4	NM_015082	23105	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	20704	None
chr5:140300313:G/T:1	chr5	140300313	G|T	1	PFDN1	NM_002622	5201	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	103	None
chr5:140633030:C/A:1	chr5	140633030	C|A	1	CD14	NM_000591	929	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr5:140633030:C/A:1	chr5	140633030	C|A	1	CD14	NM_001040021	929	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr5:140633030:C/A:1	chr5	140633030	C|A	1	CD14	NM_001174104	929	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr5:140633030:C/A:1	chr5	140633030	C|A	1	CD14	NM_001174105	929	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	39	None
chr5:140927544:C/A:1	chr5	140927544	C|A	1	PCDHA1	NM_031411	56147	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	51405	None
chr5:140927544:C/A:1	chr5	140927544	C|A	1	PCDHA1	NM_018900	56147	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	51405	None
chr5:140927544:C/A:1	chr5	140927544	C|A	1	PCDHA2	NM_018905	56146	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	51405	None
chr5:140927544:C/A:1	chr5	140927544	C|A	1	PCDHA3	NM_018906	56145	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	51405	None
chr5:140927544:C/A:1	chr5	140927544	C|A	1	PCDHA4	NM_018907	56144	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	51405	None
chr5:140927544:C/A:1	chr5	140927544	C|A	1	PCDHA5	NM_018908	56143	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	51405	None
chr5:140927544:C/A:1	chr5	140927544	C|A	1	PCDHA6	NM_031849	56142	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	51405	None
chr5:140927544:C/A:1	chr5	140927544	C|A	1	PCDHA6	NM_018909	56142	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	51405	None
chr5:140927544:C/A:1	chr5	140927544	C|A	1	PCDHA7	NM_018910	56141	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	51405	None
chr5:140927544:C/A:1	chr5	140927544	C|A	1	PCDHA8	NM_018911	56140	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	51405	None
chr5:140927544:C/A:1	chr5	140927544	C|A	1	PCDHA9	NM_031857	9752	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	51405	None
chr5:140927544:C/A:1	chr5	140927544	C|A	1	PCDHA10	NM_031860	56139	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	51405	None
chr5:140927544:C/A:1	chr5	140927544	C|A	1	PCDHA10	NM_018901	56139	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	51405	None
chr5:140927544:C/A:1	chr5	140927544	C|A	1	PCDHA11	NM_018902	56138	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	51405	None
chr5:140927544:C/A:1	chr5	140927544	C|A	1	PCDHA12	NM_018903	56137	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49705	None
chr5:140927544:C/A:1	chr5	140927544	C|A	1	PCDHA13	NM_018904	56136	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	42882	None
chr5:140927544:C/A:1	chr5	140927544	C|A	1	PCDHAC1	NM_018898	56135	coding	828	652	218	Q>K	nonsyn	None	MVGCGVAVLCLWVSCGAAAGQLEYSVPEETERGVAVGNLSADLRLPAAAMSSRNFRFLSSHRELYFGVDLPSGNLVVREPADREQLCRAKAACVLTYDLVLEDPLELHKIRIHVLDTNDNSPLFPAGDVQLHIPEFLTPGARFTLPNAQDDDEGSNGILSYSLSPSQHFRLDMGSRVDGSEYPELVLEKALDREQRATHLLVLTARDGGLPARSGDAQVTIIVVDTNDNAPVFERSVYRTKVPETAPNGTVLFRVQALDPDEGSNGEVQYSLSNSTQAELRHRFHVHPKSGEVQVAASLGPPETLLEAYIEARDEGVFGLASTAKLLVEVTDVNDHAPELDFLTLSNPVPEDAAPGTVIALFSVKDEDLDSNGRVICGMSSAGPFQLTASFDNYYSLLIDGPLDREQISEYQVLITASDSGSPPLSTRRTITVSVADVNDNTPNFPQPQQELFVAENNGPGASLGRVFAQDPDLGKNGLVSYELLDVISEGPSASSLLAVESSSGAITAKTSFDFEQLRGFHFQVEGRDGGIPPRSATVTINLFVVDRNDNYPVILFPLPRNGSVPVEIVPRSARTGHLVTKVVAEDADSGSNAWLSYHISRASDSSLFRISANIGELRTARLVLPTDAVKQRVVVVVRDHGDPPLSSSVTLGVLLSNSVPQLLPDFEDVWEPGGQLSAQNLYLVIALACISFLFLGCLLFFVCTKLHQSPGCCAQSCCRSTEDLRYGSKMVSNPCMTSATIDVTTVERLSQTYLYRASLGLGSDNNSLLLRGEYNAADLRNLATGVGLNLPISCIQIRNRKGDHANVNAMPRQPNPDWRYSASLRAGMHSSVHLEEAGILRAGPGGPDQQWPTVSSATPEPEAGEVSPPVGAGVNSNSWTFKYGPGNPKQSGPGELPDKFIIPGSPAIISIRQEPTNSQIDKSDFITFGKKEETKKKKKKKKGNKTQEKKEKGNSTTDNSDQ*|MVGCGVAVLCLWVSCGAAAGQLEYSVPEETERGVAVGNLSADLRLPAAAMSSRNFRFLSSHRELYFGVDLPSGNLVVREPADREQLCRAKAACVLTYDLVLEDPLELHKIRIHVLDTNDNSPLFPAGDVQLHIPEFLTPGARFTLPNAQDDDEGSNGILSYSLSPSQHFRLDMGSRVDGSEYPELVLEKALDREQRATHLLVLTARDGGLPARSGDAKVTIIVVDTNDNAPVFERSVYRTKVPETAPNGTVLFRVQALDPDEGSNGEVQYSLSNSTQAELRHRFHVHPKSGEVQVAASLGPPETLLEAYIEARDEGVFGLASTAKLLVEVTDVNDHAPELDFLTLSNPVPEDAAPGTVIALFSVKDEDLDSNGRVICGMSSAGPFQLTASFDNYYSLLIDGPLDREQISEYQVLITASDSGSPPLSTRRTITVSVADVNDNTPNFPQPQQELFVAENNGPGASLGRVFAQDPDLGKNGLVSYELLDVISEGPSASSLLAVESSSGAITAKTSFDFEQLRGFHFQVEGRDGGIPPRSATVTINLFVVDRNDNYPVILFPLPRNGSVPVEIVPRSARTGHLVTKVVAEDADSGSNAWLSYHISRASDSSLFRISANIGELRTARLVLPTDAVKQRVVVVVRDHGDPPLSSSVTLGVLLSNSVPQLLPDFEDVWEPGGQLSAQNLYLVIALACISFLFLGCLLFFVCTKLHQSPGCCAQSCCRSTEDLRYGSKMVSNPCMTSATIDVTTVERLSQTYLYRASLGLGSDNNSLLLRGEYNAADLRNLATGVGLNLPISCIQIRNRKGDHANVNAMPRQPNPDWRYSASLRAGMHSSVHLEEAGILRAGPGGPDQQWPTVSSATPEPEAGEVSPPVGAGVNSNSWTFKYGPGNPKQSGPGELPDKFIIPGSPAIISIRQEPTNSQIDKSDFITFGKKEETKKKKKKKKGNKTQEKKEKGNSTTDNSDQ*
chr5:140927544:C/A:1	chr5	140927544	C|A	1	PCDHAC1	NM_031882	56135	coding	828	652	218	Q>K	nonsyn	None	MVGCGVAVLCLWVSCGAAAGQLEYSVPEETERGVAVGNLSADLRLPAAAMSSRNFRFLSSHRELYFGVDLPSGNLVVREPADREQLCRAKAACVLTYDLVLEDPLELHKIRIHVLDTNDNSPLFPAGDVQLHIPEFLTPGARFTLPNAQDDDEGSNGILSYSLSPSQHFRLDMGSRVDGSEYPELVLEKALDREQRATHLLVLTARDGGLPARSGDAQVTIIVVDTNDNAPVFERSVYRTKVPETAPNGTVLFRVQALDPDEGSNGEVQYSLSNSTQAELRHRFHVHPKSGEVQVAASLGPPETLLEAYIEARDEGVFGLASTAKLLVEVTDVNDHAPELDFLTLSNPVPEDAAPGTVIALFSVKDEDLDSNGRVICGMSSAGPFQLTASFDNYYSLLIDGPLDREQISEYQVLITASDSGSPPLSTRRTITVSVADVNDNTPNFPQPQQELFVAENNGPGASLGRVFAQDPDLGKNGLVSYELLDVISEGPSASSLLAVESSSGAITAKTSFDFEQLRGFHFQVEGRDGGIPPRSATVTINLFVVDRNDNYPVILFPLPRNGSVPVEIVPRSARTGHLVTKVVAEDADSGSNAWLSYHISRASDSSLFRISANIGELRTARLVLPTDAVKQRVVVVVRDHGDPPLSSSVTLGVLLSNSVPQLLPDFEDVWEPGGQLSAQNLYLVIALACISFLFLGCLLFFVCTKLHQSPGCCAQSCCRSTEDLRYGSKMVSNPCMTSATIDVTTVERLSQTYLYRASLGLGSDNNSLLLRGEYNAADLRNLATGVGLNLPISCIQIRNRKGDHANVNAMVSKFYGI*|MVGCGVAVLCLWVSCGAAAGQLEYSVPEETERGVAVGNLSADLRLPAAAMSSRNFRFLSSHRELYFGVDLPSGNLVVREPADREQLCRAKAACVLTYDLVLEDPLELHKIRIHVLDTNDNSPLFPAGDVQLHIPEFLTPGARFTLPNAQDDDEGSNGILSYSLSPSQHFRLDMGSRVDGSEYPELVLEKALDREQRATHLLVLTARDGGLPARSGDAKVTIIVVDTNDNAPVFERSVYRTKVPETAPNGTVLFRVQALDPDEGSNGEVQYSLSNSTQAELRHRFHVHPKSGEVQVAASLGPPETLLEAYIEARDEGVFGLASTAKLLVEVTDVNDHAPELDFLTLSNPVPEDAAPGTVIALFSVKDEDLDSNGRVICGMSSAGPFQLTASFDNYYSLLIDGPLDREQISEYQVLITASDSGSPPLSTRRTITVSVADVNDNTPNFPQPQQELFVAENNGPGASLGRVFAQDPDLGKNGLVSYELLDVISEGPSASSLLAVESSSGAITAKTSFDFEQLRGFHFQVEGRDGGIPPRSATVTINLFVVDRNDNYPVILFPLPRNGSVPVEIVPRSARTGHLVTKVVAEDADSGSNAWLSYHISRASDSSLFRISANIGELRTARLVLPTDAVKQRVVVVVRDHGDPPLSSSVTLGVLLSNSVPQLLPDFEDVWEPGGQLSAQNLYLVIALACISFLFLGCLLFFVCTKLHQSPGCCAQSCCRSTEDLRYGSKMVSNPCMTSATIDVTTVERLSQTYLYRASLGLGSDNNSLLLRGEYNAADLRNLATGVGLNLPISCIQIRNRKGDHANVNAMVSKFYGI*
chr5:141210206:C/T:1	chr5	141210206	C|T	1	PCDHB12	NM_018932	56124	coding	1488	1299	433	T>T	syn	None	MENGGAGTLQIRQVLLFFVLLGMSQAGSETGNFLVMEELQSGSFVGNLAKTLGLEVSELSSRGARVVSNDNKECLQLDTNTGDLLLREMLDREELCGSNEPCVLYFQVLMKNPTQFLQIELQVRDINDHSPVFLEKEMLLEIPENSPVGAVFLLESAKDLDVGINAVKSYTINPNSHFHVKIRVNPDNRKYPELVLDKALDYEERPELSFILTALDGGSPPRSGTALVRVVVVDINDNSPEFEQAFYEVKILENSILGSLVVTVSAWDLDSGTNSELSYTFSHASEDIRKTFEINQKSGDITLTAPLDFEAIESYSIIIQATDGGGLFGKSTVRIQVMDVNDNAPEITVSSITSPIPENTPETVVMVFRIRDRDSGDNGKMVCSIPEDIPFVLKSSVNNYYTLETERPLDRESRAEYNITITVTDLGTPRLKTEHNITVLVSDVNDNAPAFTQTSYALFVRENNSPALHIGSISATDRDSGTNAQVNYSLLPSQDPHLPLASLVSINADNGHLFALRSLDYEALQGFQFRVGATDHGSPALSSEALVRVLVLDANDNSPFVLYPLQNGSAPCTELVPWAAEPGYLVTKVVAVDGDSGQNAWLSYQLLKATEPGLFGVWAHNGEVRTARLLSERDAAKHRLVVLVKDNGEPPRSATATLHVLLVDGFSQPYLPLPEAAPAQAQADSLTVYLVVALASVSSLFLFSVLLFVAVRLCRRSRAAPVGRCSVPEGPFPGHLVDVSGTGTLSQSYHYEVCVTGGSRSNKFKFLKPIIPNFLPQSTGSEVEENPPFQNNLGF*
chr5:141629409:G/A:1	chr5	141629409	G|A	1	HDAC3	NM_001355039	8841	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	103	None
chr5:141629409:G/A:1	chr5	141629409	G|A	1	HDAC3	NM_001355041	8841	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	103	None
chr5:141629409:G/A:1	chr5	141629409	G|A	1	HDAC3	NM_003883	8841	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	103	None
chr5:141629409:G/A:1	chr5	141629409	G|A	1	HDAC3	NR_149164	8841	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	103	None
chr5:141629409:G/A:1	chr5	141629409	G|A	1	HDAC3	NR_149165	8841	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	103	None
chr5:141629409:G/A:1	chr5	141629409	G|A	1	HDAC3	NR_149166	8841	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	103	None
chr5:141629409:G/A:1	chr5	141629409	G|A	1	HDAC3	NR_149167	8841	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	103	None
chr5:141629409:G/A:1	chr5	141629409	G|A	1	HDAC3	NR_149168	8841	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	103	None
chr5:141629409:G/A:1	chr5	141629409	G|A	1	HDAC3	NR_149169	8841	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	103	None
chr5:141629409:G/A:1	chr5	141629409	G|A	1	HDAC3	NM_001355040	8841	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	103	None
chr5:141929469:T/C:1	chr5	141929469	T|C	1	DELE1	NM_001142603	9812	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	113	None
chr5:141929469:T/C:1	chr5	141929469	T|C	1	DELE1	NM_014773	9812	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	113	None
chr5:141929470:G/A:1	chr5	141929470	G|A	1	DELE1	NM_001142603	9812	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	112	None
chr5:141929470:G/A:1	chr5	141929470	G|A	1	DELE1	NM_014773	9812	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	112	None
chr5:147351001:A/T:1	chr5	147351001	A|T	1	STK32A	NM_001112724	202374	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	64	None
chr5:147351001:A/T:1	chr5	147351001	A|T	1	STK32A	NM_001287740	202374	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	64	None
chr5:148118167:C/T:1	chr5	148118167	C|T	1	SPINK5	NM_001127698	11005	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	270	None
chr5:148118167:C/T:1	chr5	148118167	C|T	1	SPINK5	NM_001127699	11005	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	270	None
chr5:148118167:C/T:1	chr5	148118167	C|T	1	SPINK5	NM_006846	11005	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	270	None
chr5:149834580:G/T:1	chr5	149834580	G|T	1	PPARGC1B	NM_001172698	133522	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	94	None
chr5:149834580:G/T:1	chr5	149834580	G|T	1	PPARGC1B	NM_001172699	133522	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	94	None
chr5:149834580:G/T:1	chr5	149834580	G|T	1	PPARGC1B	NM_133263	133522	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	94	None
chr5:151554825:G/T:1	chr5	151554825	G|T	1	FAT2	NM_001447	2196	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	152	None
chr5:151800684:C/A:1	chr5	151800684	C|A	1	G3BP1	NM_005754	10146	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	76	None
chr5:151800684:C/A:1	chr5	151800684	C|A	1	G3BP1	NM_198395	10146	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	76	None
chr5:154416093:G/C:1	chr5	154416093	G|C	1	SAP30L-AS1	NR_037897	386627	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	23079	None
chr5:154416093:G/C:1	chr5	154416093	G|C	1	GALNT10	NM_198321	55568	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	161	None
chr5:156920593:G/T:1	chr5	156920593	G|T	1	TIMD4	NM_001146726	91937	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	90	None
chr5:156920593:G/T:1	chr5	156920593	G|T	1	TIMD4	NM_138379	91937	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	90	None
chr5:157042772:G/A:1	chr5	157042772	G|A	1	HAVCR1	NM_001173393	26762	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	90	None
chr5:157042772:G/A:1	chr5	157042772	G|A	1	HAVCR1	NM_001308156	26762	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	90	None
chr5:157042772:G/A:1	chr5	157042772	G|A	1	HAVCR1	NM_012206	26762	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	90	None
chr5:168244340:G/A:1	chr5	168244340	G|A	1	TENM2	NM_001080428	57451	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr5:168244340:G/A:1	chr5	168244340	G|A	1	TENM2	NM_001122679	57451	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr5:168244340:G/A:1	chr5	168244340	G|A	1	TENM2	NM_001368145	57451	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr5:168244340:G/A:1	chr5	168244340	G|A	1	TENM2	NM_001368146	57451	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr5:168402535:G/T:1	chr5	168402535	G|T	1	WWC1	NM_001161661	23286	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2968	None
chr5:168402535:G/T:1	chr5	168402535	G|T	1	WWC1	NM_001161662	23286	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2968	None
chr5:168402535:G/T:1	chr5	168402535	G|T	1	WWC1	NM_015238	23286	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2968	None
chr5:170693194:C/A:1	chr5	170693194	C|A	1	KCNIP1	NM_001034838	30820	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25564	None
chr5:170693194:C/A:1	chr5	170693194	C|A	1	KCNIP1	NM_001034837	30820	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	19660	None
chr5:170693194:C/A:1	chr5	170693194	C|A	1	KCNIP1	NM_001278339	30820	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25564	None
chr5:170693194:C/A:1	chr5	170693194	C|A	1	KCNIP1	NM_014592	30820	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25564	None
chr5:170693194:C/A:1	chr5	170693194	C|A	1	KCNIP1	NM_001278340	30820	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	23534	None
chr5:177209627:A/T:1	chr5	177209627	A|T	1	NSD1	NM_001365684	64324	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9	None
chr5:177209627:A/T:1	chr5	177209627	A|T	1	NSD1	NM_022455	64324	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9	None
chr5:177209627:A/T:1	chr5	177209627	A|T	1	NSD1	NM_172349	64324	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9	None
chr5:177301877:T/C:1	chr5	177301877	T|C	1	NSD1	NM_001365684	64324	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr5:177301877:T/C:1	chr5	177301877	T|C	1	NSD1	NM_022455	64324	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr5:177301877:T/C:1	chr5	177301877	T|C	1	NSD1	NM_172349	64324	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr5:177301877:T/C:1	chr5	177301877	T|C	1	PRELID1	NM_001271828	27166	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr5:177301877:T/C:1	chr5	177301877	T|C	1	PRELID1	NM_013237	27166	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr5:177301877:T/C:1	chr5	177301877	T|C	1	RAB24	NM_001031677	53917	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr5:177301877:T/C:1	chr5	177301877	T|C	1	RAB24	NM_130781	53917	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr5:177301877:T/C:1	chr5	177301877	T|C	1	RAB24	NR_109789	53917	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr5:177301877:T/C:1	chr5	177301877	T|C	1	RAB24	NR_109790	53917	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	48	None
chr6:3154999:A/G:1	chr6	3154999	A|G	1	BPHL	NM_001302777	670	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:3154999:A/G:1	chr6	3154999	A|G	1	BPHL	NR_026648	670	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:3154999:A/G:1	chr6	3154999	A|G	1	BPHL	NR_026649	670	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:3154999:A/G:1	chr6	3154999	A|G	1	BPHL	NM_004332	670	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:3154999:A/G:1	chr6	3154999	A|G	1	TUBB2A	NM_001069	7280	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	76	None
chr6:3154999:A/G:1	chr6	3154999	A|G	1	TUBB2A	NM_001310315	7280	5utr	420	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:6224619:A/T:1	chr6	6224619	A|T	1	F13A1	NM_000129	2162	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	67	None
chr6:16569804:G/T:1	chr6	16569804	G|T	1	ATXN1	NM_000332	6310	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15976	None
chr6:16569804:G/T:1	chr6	16569804	G|T	1	ATXN1	NM_001128164	6310	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15976	None
chr6:16569804:G/T:1	chr6	16569804	G|T	1	ATXN1	NM_001357857	6310	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15976	None
chr6:24917979:C/T:1	chr6	24917979	C|T	1	RIPOR2	NM_001286445	9750	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17859	None
chr6:24917979:C/T:1	chr6	24917979	C|T	1	RIPOR2	NM_001286446	9750	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	42162	None
chr6:25442364:C/A:1	chr6	25442364	C|A	1	CARMIL1	NM_001173977	55604	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6760	None
chr6:25442364:C/A:1	chr6	25442364	C|A	1	CARMIL1	NM_017640	55604	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6760	None
chr6:26156427:G/C:1	chr6	26156427	G|C	1	HIST1H2BD	NM_021063	3017	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:26156427:G/C:1	chr6	26156427	G|C	1	HIST1H2BD	NM_138720	3017	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:26156427:G/C:1	chr6	26156427	G|C	1	HIST1H1E	NM_005321	3008	coding	97	37	13	A>P	nonsyn	None	MSETAPAAPAAPAPAEKTPVKKKARKSAGAAKRKASGPPVSELITKAVAASKERSGVSLAALKKALAAAGYDVEKNNSRIKLGLKSLVSKGTLVQTKGTGASGSFKLNKKAASGEAKPKAKKAGAAKAKKPAGAAKKPKKATGAATPKKSAKKTPKKAKKPAAAAGAKKAKSPKKAKAAKPKKAPKSPAKAKAVKPKAAKPKTAKPKAAKPKKAAAKKK*|MSETAPAAPAAPPPAEKTPVKKKARKSAGAAKRKASGPPVSELITKAVAASKERSGVSLAALKKALAAAGYDVEKNNSRIKLGLKSLVSKGTLVQTKGTGASGSFKLNKKAASGEAKPKAKKAGAAKAKKPAGAAKKPKKATGAATPKKSAKKTPKKAKKPAAAAGAKKAKSPKKAKAAKPKKAPKSPAKAKAVKPKAAKPKTAKPKAAKPKKAAAKKK*
chr6:31356312:G/A:1	chr6	31356312	G|A	1	MIR6891	NR_106951	102465537	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:31356312:G/A:1	chr6	31356312	G|A	1	HLA-B	NM_005514	3106	coding	495	474	158	T>T	syn	None	MLVMAPRTVLLLLSAALALTETWAGSHSMRYFYTSVSRPGRGEPRFISVGYVDDTQFVRFDSDAASPREEPRAPWIEQEGPEYWDRNTQIYKAQAQTDRESLRNLRGYYNQSEAGSHTLQSMYGCDVGPDGRLLRGHDQYAYDGKDYIALNEDLRSWTAADTAAQITQRKWEAAREAEQRRAYLEGECVEWLRRYLENGKDKLERADPPKTHVTHHPISDHEATLRCWALGFYPAEITLTWQRDGEDQTQDTELVETRPAGDRTFQKWAAVVVPSGEEQRYTCHVQHEGLPKPLTLRWEPSSQSTVPIVGIVAGLAVLAVVVIGAVVAAVMCRRKSSGGKGGSYSQAACSDSAQGSDVSLTA*
chr6:31536198:G/C:1	chr6	31536198	G|C	1	SNORD117	NR_003140	692233	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:31536198:G/C:1	chr6	31536198	G|C	1	DDX39B	NM_004640	7919	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	302	None
chr6:31536198:G/C:1	chr6	31536198	G|C	1	DDX39B	NM_080598	7919	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	302	None
chr6:31536198:G/C:1	chr6	31536198	G|C	1	DDX39B	NR_037852	7919	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	302	None
chr6:31536198:G/C:1	chr6	31536198	G|C	1	ATP6V1G2-DDX39B	NR_037853	100532737	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	302	None
chr6:31588057:G/T:1	chr6	31588057	G|T	1	NCR3	NM_001145466	259197	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:31588057:G/T:1	chr6	31588057	G|T	1	NCR3	NM_147130	259197	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:31588057:G/T:1	chr6	31588057	G|T	1	NCR3	NM_001145467	259197	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:31588057:G/T:1	chr6	31588057	G|T	1	LST1	NR_029461	7940	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	461	None
chr6:31588057:G/T:1	chr6	31588057	G|T	1	LST1	NR_029462	7940	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	506	None
chr6:31588057:G/T:1	chr6	31588057	G|T	1	LST1	NM_205837	7940	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	324	None
chr6:31588057:G/T:1	chr6	31588057	G|T	1	LST1	NM_205840	7940	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	324	None
chr6:31588057:G/T:1	chr6	31588057	G|T	1	LST1	NM_001166538	7940	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr6:31588057:G/T:1	chr6	31588057	G|T	1	LST1	NM_007161	7940	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr6:31588057:G/T:1	chr6	31588057	G|T	1	LST1	NM_205838	7940	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr6:31588057:G/T:1	chr6	31588057	G|T	1	LST1	NM_205839	7940	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	91	None
chr6:31720741:T/A:1	chr6	31720741	T|A	1	LY6G6C	NM_025261	80740	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	538	None
chr6:31747193:C/A:1	chr6	31747193	C|A	1	MSH5	NM_002441	4439	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	194	None
chr6:31747193:C/A:1	chr6	31747193	C|A	1	MSH5	NM_025259	4439	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	194	None
chr6:31747193:C/A:1	chr6	31747193	C|A	1	MSH5	NM_172165	4439	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	194	None
chr6:31747193:C/A:1	chr6	31747193	C|A	1	MSH5	NM_172166	4439	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	194	None
chr6:31747193:C/A:1	chr6	31747193	C|A	1	MSH5-SAPCD1	NR_037846	100532732	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	194	None
chr6:32011008:C/T:1	chr6	32011008	C|T	1	CYP21A1P	NR_040090	1590	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:32011008:C/T:1	chr6	32011008	C|T	1	TNXB	NM_032470	7148	coding	1612	704	235	R>Q	*nonsyn	None	MRLSWSVAQGPFDSFVVQYEDTNGQPQALLVDGDQSKILISGLEPSTRYRFLLYGLHEGKRLGPLSAEGTTGLAPAGQTSEESRPRLSQLSVTDVTTSSLRLNWEAPPGAFDSFLLRFGVPSPSTLEPHPRPLLQRELMVPGTRHSAVLRDLRSGTLYSLTLYGLRGPHKADSIQGTARTLSPVLESPRDLQFSEIRETSAKVNWMPPPSRADSFKVSYQLADGGEPQSVQVDGRARTQKLQGS*RSHTVACTELDRGIRRAALEAPPESCGHL*RPGHSPWGPASAGGDPRQRGGLPPA*PCPPHQLHRHSAWPAGPQPHFPSQHHLHHRARGPSGLGGQGSDPPHRPAHLD*APSPARRLPAQLPHPWWTEPGDPAPRRDHISPAPWPLSLHLLQCTAPGHVGPEPPAARVHLFHHGWAADPLPQGLRGGDAERSRCLQDQHHLPQRQPGAAPERVLGHGD*WGRLAGVPAPHGWTDRLLEGLGGLCPWFWEHLWRVLAGQ*GPAQPDTGR*LLHARGPAGWGRGCVRPVRLLPRRLGCGVLPPPLGGLPRHRRGLHELPQRQCLLCP*SGPQQLAHLLRCLLPRGLVVQELPLRQPQRALREHSGPSGSELVPLEGLRVLGALHGNEAETKKLSLPSGGRL|MRLSWSVAQGPFDSFVVQYEDTNGQPQALLVDGDQSKILISGLEPSTRYRFLLYGLHEGKRLGPLSAEGTTGLAPAGQTSEESRPRLSQLSVTDVTTSSLRLNWEAPPGAFDSFLLRFGVPSPSTLEPHPRPLLQRELMVPGTRHSAVLRDLRSGTLYSLTLYGLRGPHKADSIQGTARTLSPVLESPRDLQFSEIRETSAKVNWMPPPSRADSFKVSYQLADGGEPQSVQVDGQARTQKLQGS*RSHTVACTELDRGIRRAALEAPPESCGHL*RPGHSPWGPASAGGDPRQRGGLPPA*PCPPHQLHRHSAWPAGPQPHFPSQHHLHHRARGPSGLGGQGSDPPHRPAHLD*APSPARRLPAQLPHPWWTEPGDPAPRRDHISPAPWPLSLHLLQCTAPGHVGPEPPAARVHLFHHGWAADPLPQGLRGGDAERSRCLQDQHHLPQRQPGAAPERVLGHGD*WGRLAGVPAPHGWTDRLLEGLGGLCPWFWEHLWRVLAGQ*GPAQPDTGR*LLHARGPAGWGRGCVRPVRLLPRRLGCGVLPPPLGGLPRHRRGLHELPQRQCLLCP*SGPQQLAHLLRCLLPRGLVVQELPLRQPQRALREHSGPSGSELVPLEGLRVLGALHGNEAETKKLSLPSGGRL
chr6:32011008:C/T:1	chr6	32011008	C|T	1	TNXA	NR_001284	7146	non-coding	1362	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:32043581:A/G:1	chr6	32043581	A|G	1	CYP21A2	NM_001368143	1589	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:32043581:A/G:1	chr6	32043581	A|G	1	CYP21A2	NM_001368144	1589	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:32043581:A/G:1	chr6	32043581	A|G	1	CYP21A2	NM_000500	1589	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:32043581:A/G:1	chr6	32043581	A|G	1	CYP21A2	NM_001128590	1589	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:32043581:A/G:1	chr6	32043581	A|G	1	TNXB	NM_001365276	7148	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25	None
chr6:32043581:A/G:1	chr6	32043581	A|G	1	TNXB	NM_019105	7148	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25	None
chr6:32043581:A/G:1	chr6	32043581	A|G	1	TNXB	NM_032470	7148	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25	None
chr6:32067650:T/C:1	chr6	32067650	T|C	1	TNXB	NM_001365276	7148	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11	None
chr6:32067650:T/C:1	chr6	32067650	T|C	1	TNXB	NM_019105	7148	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11	None
chr6:32067826:C/T:1	chr6	32067826	C|T	1	TNXB	NM_001365276	7148	coding	6545	6379	2127	V>M	nonsyn	None	MMPAQYALTSSLVLLVLLSTARAGPFSSRSNVTLPAPRPPPQPGGHTVGAGVGSPSSQLYEHTVEGGEKQVVFTHRINLPPSTGCGCPPGTEPPVLASEVQALRVRLEILEELVKGLKEQCTGGCCPASAQAGTGQTDVRTLCSLHGVFDLSRCTCSCEPGWGGPTCSDPTDAEIPPSSPPSASGSCPDDCNDQGRCVRGRCVCFPGYTGPSCGWPSCPGDCQGRGRCVQGVCVCRAGFSGPDCSQRSCPRGCSQRGRCEGGRCVCDPGYTGDDCGMRSCPRGCSQRGRCENGRCVCNPGYTGEDCGVRSCPRGCSQRGRCKDGRCVCDPGYTGEDCGTRSCPWDCGEGGRCVDGRCVCWPGYTGEDCSTRTCPRDCRGRGRCEDGECICDTGYSGDDCGVRSCPGDCNQRGRCEDGRCVCWPGYTGTDCGSRACPRDCRGRGRCENGVCVCNAGYSGEDCGVRSCPGDCRGRGRCESGRCMCWPGYTGRDCGTRACPGDCRGRGRCVDGRCVCNPGFTGEDCGSRRCPGDCRGHGLCEDGVCVCDAGYSGEDCSTRSCPGGCRGRGQCLDGRCVCEDGYSGEDCGVRQCPNDCSQHGVCQDGVCICWEGYVSEDCSIRTCPSNCHGRGRCEEGRCLCDPGYTGPTCATRMCPADCRGRGRCVQGVCLCHVGYGGEDCGQEEPPASACPGGCGPRELCRAGQCVCVEGFRGPDCAIQTCPGDCRGRGECHDGSCVCKDGYAGEDCGEEVPTIEGMRMHLLEETTVRTEWTPAPGPVDAYEIQFIPTTEGASPPFTARVPSSASAYDQRGLAPGQEYQVTVRALRGTSWGLPASKTITTMIDGPQDLRVVAVTPTTLELGWLRPQAEVDRFVVSYVSAGNQRVRLEVPPEADGTLLTDLMPGVEYVVTVTAERGRAVSYPASVRANTGSSPLGLLGTTDEPPPSGPSTTQGAQAPLLQQRPQELGELRVLGRDETGRLRVVWTAQPDTFAYFQLRMRVPEGPGAHEEVLPGDVRQALVPPPPPGTPYELSLHGVPPGGKPSDPIIYQGIMDKDEEKPGKSSGPPRLGELTVTDRTSDSLLLRWTVPEGEFDSFVIQYKDRDGQPQVVPVEGPQRSAVITSLDPGRKYKFVLYGFVGKKRHGPLVAEAKILPQSDPSPGTPPHLGNLWVTDPTPDSLHLSWTVPEGQFDTFMVQYRDRDGRPQVVPVEGPERSFVVSSLDPDHKYRFTLFGIANKKRYGPLTADGTTAPERKEEPPRPEFLEQPLLGELTVTGVTPDSLRLSWTVAQGPFDSFMVQYKDAQGQPQAVPVAGDENEVTVPGLDPDRKYKMNLYGLRGRQRVGPESVVAKTAPQEDVDETPSPTELGTEAPESPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLFWTVPQGSFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPRAVRVGGKESEVTVGGLEPGHKYKMHLYGLHEGQRVGPVSAVGVTAPQQEETPPATESPLEPRLGELTVTDVTPNSVGLSWTVPEGQFDSFIVQYKDKDGQPQVVPVAADQREVTVYNLEPERKYKMNMYGLHDGQRMGPLSVVIVTAPLPPAPATEASKPPLEPRLGELTVTDITPDSVGLSWTVPEGEFDSFVVQYKDRDGQPQVVPVAADQREVTIPDLEPSRKYKFLLFGIQDGKRRSPVSVEAKTVARGDASPGAPPRLGELWVTDPTPDSLRLSWTVPEGQFDSFVVQFKDKDGPQVVPVEGHERSVTVTPLDAGRKYRFLLYGLLGKKRHGPLTADGTTEARSAMDDTGTKRPPKPRLGEELQVTTVTQNSVGLSWTVPEGQFDSFVVQYKDRDGQPQVVPVEGSLREVSVPGLDPAHRYKLLLYGLHHGKRVGPISAVAITAGREETETETTAPTPPAPEPHLGELTVEEATSHTLHLSWMVTEGEFDSFEIQYTDRDGQLQMVRIGGDRNDITLSGLESDHRYLVTLYGFSDGKHVGPVHVEALTVPEEEKPSEPPTATPEPPIKPRLGELTVTDATPDSLSLSWTVPEGQFDHFLVQYRNGDGQPKAVRVPGHEEGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRMGPVSVVGVTAAEEETPSPTEPSMEAPEPAEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTVPQGRFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPQVVRVGGEESEVTVGGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGRRVGPVSAVGVTAPEEESPDAPLAKLRLGQMTVRDITSDSLSLSWTVPEGQFDHFLVQFKNGDGQPKAVRVPGHEDGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPVSAVGLTAPGKDEEMAPASTEPPTPEPPIKPRLEELTVTDATPDSLSLSWTVPEGQFDHFLVQYKNGDGQPKATRVPGHEDRVTISGLEPDNKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPVSAIGVTAAEEETPSPTEPSMEAPEPPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTVPQGRFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPQVVRVGGEESEVTVGGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGRRVGPVSTVGVTAPQEDVDETPSPTEPGTEAPGPPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTVPQGRFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPQAVRVGGQESKVTVRGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGRRLGPVSAVGVTEDEAETTQAVPTMTPEPPIKPRLGELTMTDATPDSLSLSWTVPEGQFDHFLVQYRNGDGQPKAVRVPGHEDGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPISVIGVTAAEEETPSPTELSTEAPEPPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTIPQGHFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPQVMRVRGEESEVTVGGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGRRVGPVSTVGVTAPEDEAETTQAVPTTTPEPPNKPRLGELTVTDATPDSLSLSWMVPEGQFDHFLVQYRNGDGQPKVVRVPGHEDGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPISVIGVTAAEEETPAPTEPSTEAPEPPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTIPQGRFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPQVVRVRGEESEVTVGGLEPGCKYKMHLYGLHEGQRVGPVSAVGVTAPKDEAETTQAVPTMTPEPPIKPRLGELTVTDATPDSLSLSWMVPEGQFDHFLVQYRNGDGQPKAVRVPGHEDGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPVSAIGVTEEETPSPTEPSTEAPEAPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTVPQGRFDSFTVQYKDRDGQPQVVRVRGEESEVTVGGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGQRVGPVSTVGITAPLPTPLPVEPRLGELAVAAVTSDSVGLSWTVAQGPFDSFLVQYRDAQGQPQAVPVSGDLRAVAVSGLDPARKYKFLLFGLQNGKRHGPVPVEARTAPDTKPSPRLGELTVTDATPDSVGLSWTVPEGEFDSFVVQYKDKDGRLQVVPVAANQREVTVQGLEPSRKYRFLLYGLSGRKRLGPISADSTTAPLEKELPPHLGELTVAEETSSSLRLSWTVAQGPFDSFVVQYRDTDGQPRAVPVAADQRTVTVEDLEPGKKYKFLLYGLLGGKRLGPVSALGMTAPEEDTPAPELAPEAPEPPEEPRLGVLTVTDTTPDSMRLSWSVAQGPFDSFVVQYEDTNGQPQALLVDGDQSKILISGLEPSTPYRFLLYGLHEGKRLGPLSAEGTTGLAPAGQTSEESRPRLSQLSVTDVTTSSLRLNWEAPPGAFDSFLLRFGVPSPSTLEPHPRPLLQRELMVPGTRHSAVLRDLRSGTLYSLTLYGLRGPHKADSIQGTARTLSPVLESPRDLQFSEIRETSAKVNWMPPPSRADSFKVSYQLADGGEPQSVQVDGQARTQKLQGLIPGARYEVTVVSVRGFEESEPLTGFLTTVPDGPTQLRALNLTEGFAVLHWKPPQNPVDTYDVQVTAPGAPPLQAETPGSAVDYPLHDLVLHTNYTATVRGLRGPNLTSPASITFTTGLEAPRDLEAKEVTPRTALLTWTEPPVRPAGYLLSFHTPGGQNQEILLPGGITSHQLLGLFPSTSYNARLQAMWGQSLLPPVSTSFTTGGLRIPFPRDCGEEMQNGAGASRTSTIFLNGNRERPLNVFCDMETDGGGWLVFQRRMDGQTDFWRDWEDYAHGFGNISGEFWLGNEALHSLTQAGDYSMRVDLRAGDEAVFAQYDSFHVDSAAEYYRLHLEGYHGTAGDSMSYHSGSVFSARDRDPNSLLISCAVSYRGAWWYRNCHYANLNGLYGSTVDHQGVSWYHWKGFEFSVPFTEMKLRPRNFRSPAGGG*|MMPAQYALTSSLVLLVLLSTARAGPFSSRSNVTLPAPRPPPQPGGHTVGAGVGSPSSQLYEHTVEGGEKQVVFTHRINLPPSTGCGCPPGTEPPVLASEVQALRVRLEILEELVKGLKEQCTGGCCPASAQAGTGQTDVRTLCSLHGVFDLSRCTCSCEPGWGGPTCSDPTDAEIPPSSPPSASGSCPDDCNDQGRCVRGRCVCFPGYTGPSCGWPSCPGDCQGRGRCVQGVCVCRAGFSGPDCSQRSCPRGCSQRGRCEGGRCVCDPGYTGDDCGMRSCPRGCSQRGRCENGRCVCNPGYTGEDCGVRSCPRGCSQRGRCKDGRCVCDPGYTGEDCGTRSCPWDCGEGGRCVDGRCVCWPGYTGEDCSTRTCPRDCRGRGRCEDGECICDTGYSGDDCGVRSCPGDCNQRGRCEDGRCVCWPGYTGTDCGSRACPRDCRGRGRCENGVCVCNAGYSGEDCGVRSCPGDCRGRGRCESGRCMCWPGYTGRDCGTRACPGDCRGRGRCVDGRCVCNPGFTGEDCGSRRCPGDCRGHGLCEDGVCVCDAGYSGEDCSTRSCPGGCRGRGQCLDGRCVCEDGYSGEDCGVRQCPNDCSQHGVCQDGVCICWEGYVSEDCSIRTCPSNCHGRGRCEEGRCLCDPGYTGPTCATRMCPADCRGRGRCVQGVCLCHVGYGGEDCGQEEPPASACPGGCGPRELCRAGQCVCVEGFRGPDCAIQTCPGDCRGRGECHDGSCVCKDGYAGEDCGEEVPTIEGMRMHLLEETTVRTEWTPAPGPVDAYEIQFIPTTEGASPPFTARVPSSASAYDQRGLAPGQEYQVTVRALRGTSWGLPASKTITTMIDGPQDLRVVAVTPTTLELGWLRPQAEVDRFVVSYVSAGNQRVRLEVPPEADGTLLTDLMPGVEYVVTVTAERGRAVSYPASVRANTGSSPLGLLGTTDEPPPSGPSTTQGAQAPLLQQRPQELGELRVLGRDETGRLRVVWTAQPDTFAYFQLRMRVPEGPGAHEEVLPGDVRQALVPPPPPGTPYELSLHGVPPGGKPSDPIIYQGIMDKDEEKPGKSSGPPRLGELTVTDRTSDSLLLRWTVPEGEFDSFVIQYKDRDGQPQVVPVEGPQRSAVITSLDPGRKYKFVLYGFVGKKRHGPLVAEAKILPQSDPSPGTPPHLGNLWVTDPTPDSLHLSWTVPEGQFDTFMVQYRDRDGRPQVVPVEGPERSFVVSSLDPDHKYRFTLFGIANKKRYGPLTADGTTAPERKEEPPRPEFLEQPLLGELTVTGVTPDSLRLSWTVAQGPFDSFMVQYKDAQGQPQAVPVAGDENEVTVPGLDPDRKYKMNLYGLRGRQRVGPESVVAKTAPQEDVDETPSPTELGTEAPESPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLFWTVPQGSFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPRAVRVGGKESEVTVGGLEPGHKYKMHLYGLHEGQRVGPVSAVGVTAPQQEETPPATESPLEPRLGELTVTDVTPNSVGLSWTVPEGQFDSFIVQYKDKDGQPQVVPVAADQREVTVYNLEPERKYKMNMYGLHDGQRMGPLSVVIVTAPLPPAPATEASKPPLEPRLGELTVTDITPDSVGLSWTVPEGEFDSFVVQYKDRDGQPQVVPVAADQREVTIPDLEPSRKYKFLLFGIQDGKRRSPVSVEAKTVARGDASPGAPPRLGELWVTDPTPDSLRLSWTVPEGQFDSFVVQFKDKDGPQVVPVEGHERSVTVTPLDAGRKYRFLLYGLLGKKRHGPLTADGTTEARSAMDDTGTKRPPKPRLGEELQVTTVTQNSVGLSWTVPEGQFDSFVVQYKDRDGQPQVVPVEGSLREVSVPGLDPAHRYKLLLYGLHHGKRVGPISAVAITAGREETETETTAPTPPAPEPHLGELTVEEATSHTLHLSWMVTEGEFDSFEIQYTDRDGQLQMVRIGGDRNDITLSGLESDHRYLVTLYGFSDGKHVGPVHVEALTVPEEEKPSEPPTATPEPPIKPRLGELTVTDATPDSLSLSWTVPEGQFDHFLVQYRNGDGQPKAVRVPGHEEGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRMGPVSVVGVTAAEEETPSPTEPSMEAPEPAEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTVPQGRFDSFTMQYKDRDGRPQVVRVGGEESEVTVGGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGRRVGPVSAVGVTAPEEESPDAPLAKLRLGQMTVRDITSDSLSLSWTVPEGQFDHFLVQFKNGDGQPKAVRVPGHEDGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPVSAVGLTAPGKDEEMAPASTEPPTPEPPIKPRLEELTVTDATPDSLSLSWTVPEGQFDHFLVQYKNGDGQPKATRVPGHEDRVTISGLEPDNKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPVSAIGVTAAEEETPSPTEPSMEAPEPPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTVPQGRFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPQVVRVGGEESEVTVGGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGRRVGPVSTVGVTAPQEDVDETPSPTEPGTEAPGPPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTVPQGRFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPQAVRVGGQESKVTVRGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGRRLGPVSAVGVTEDEAETTQAVPTMTPEPPIKPRLGELTMTDATPDSLSLSWTVPEGQFDHFLVQYRNGDGQPKAVRVPGHEDGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPISVIGVTAAEEETPSPTELSTEAPEPPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTIPQGHFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPQVMRVRGEESEVTVGGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGRRVGPVSTVGVTAPEDEAETTQAVPTTTPEPPNKPRLGELTVTDATPDSLSLSWMVPEGQFDHFLVQYRNGDGQPKVVRVPGHEDGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPISVIGVTAAEEETPAPTEPSTEAPEPPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTIPQGRFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPQVVRVRGEESEVTVGGLEPGCKYKMHLYGLHEGQRVGPVSAVGVTAPKDEAETTQAVPTMTPEPPIKPRLGELTVTDATPDSLSLSWMVPEGQFDHFLVQYRNGDGQPKAVRVPGHEDGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPVSAIGVTEEETPSPTEPSTEAPEAPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTVPQGRFDSFTVQYKDRDGQPQVVRVRGEESEVTVGGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGQRVGPVSTVGITAPLPTPLPVEPRLGELAVAAVTSDSVGLSWTVAQGPFDSFLVQYRDAQGQPQAVPVSGDLRAVAVSGLDPARKYKFLLFGLQNGKRHGPVPVEARTAPDTKPSPRLGELTVTDATPDSVGLSWTVPEGEFDSFVVQYKDKDGRLQVVPVAANQREVTVQGLEPSRKYRFLLYGLSGRKRLGPISADSTTAPLEKELPPHLGELTVAEETSSSLRLSWTVAQGPFDSFVVQYRDTDGQPRAVPVAADQRTVTVEDLEPGKKYKFLLYGLLGGKRLGPVSALGMTAPEEDTPAPELAPEAPEPPEEPRLGVLTVTDTTPDSMRLSWSVAQGPFDSFVVQYEDTNGQPQALLVDGDQSKILISGLEPSTPYRFLLYGLHEGKRLGPLSAEGTTGLAPAGQTSEESRPRLSQLSVTDVTTSSLRLNWEAPPGAFDSFLLRFGVPSPSTLEPHPRPLLQRELMVPGTRHSAVLRDLRSGTLYSLTLYGLRGPHKADSIQGTARTLSPVLESPRDLQFSEIRETSAKVNWMPPPSRADSFKVSYQLADGGEPQSVQVDGQARTQKLQGLIPGARYEVTVVSVRGFEESEPLTGFLTTVPDGPTQLRALNLTEGFAVLHWKPPQNPVDTYDVQVTAPGAPPLQAETPGSAVDYPLHDLVLHTNYTATVRGLRGPNLTSPASITFTTGLEAPRDLEAKEVTPRTALLTWTEPPVRPAGYLLSFHTPGGQNQEILLPGGITSHQLLGLFPSTSYNARLQAMWGQSLLPPVSTSFTTGGLRIPFPRDCGEEMQNGAGASRTSTIFLNGNRERPLNVFCDMETDGGGWLVFQRRMDGQTDFWRDWEDYAHGFGNISGEFWLGNEALHSLTQAGDYSMRVDLRAGDEAVFAQYDSFHVDSAAEYYRLHLEGYHGTAGDSMSYHSGSVFSARDRDPNSLLISCAVSYRGAWWYRNCHYANLNGLYGSTVDHQGVSWYHWKGFEFSVPFTEMKLRPRNFRSPAGGG*
chr6:32067826:C/T:1	chr6	32067826	C|T	1	TNXB	NM_019105	7148	coding	6545	6379	2127	V>M	nonsyn	None	MMPAQYALTSSLVLLVLLSTARAGPFSSRSNVTLPAPRPPPQPGGHTVGAGVGSPSSQLYEHTVEGGEKQVVFTHRINLPPSTGCGCPPGTEPPVLASEVQALRVRLEILEELVKGLKEQCTGGCCPASAQAGTGQTDVRTLCSLHGVFDLSRCTCSCEPGWGGPTCSDPTDAEIPPSSPPSASGSCPDDCNDQGRCVRGRCVCFPGYTGPSCGWPSCPGDCQGRGRCVQGVCVCRAGFSGPDCSQRSCPRGCSQRGRCEGGRCVCDPGYTGDDCGMRSCPRGCSQRGRCENGRCVCNPGYTGEDCGVRSCPRGCSQRGRCKDGRCVCDPGYTGEDCGTRSCPWDCGEGGRCVDGRCVCWPGYTGEDCSTRTCPRDCRGRGRCEDGECICDTGYSGDDCGVRSCPGDCNQRGRCEDGRCVCWPGYTGTDCGSRACPRDCRGRGRCENGVCVCNAGYSGEDCGVRSCPGDCRGRGRCESGRCMCWPGYTGRDCGTRACPGDCRGRGRCVDGRCVCNPGFTGEDCGSRRCPGDCRGHGLCEDGVCVCDAGYSGEDCSTRSCPGGCRGRGQCLDGRCVCEDGYSGEDCGVRQCPNDCSQHGVCQDGVCICWEGYVSEDCSIRTCPSNCHGRGRCEEGRCLCDPGYTGPTCATRMCPADCRGRGRCVQGVCLCHVGYGGEDCGQEEPPASACPGGCGPRELCRAGQCVCVEGFRGPDCAIQTCPGDCRGRGECHDGSCVCKDGYAGEDCGEEVPTIEGMRMHLLEETTVRTEWTPAPGPVDAYEIQFIPTTEGASPPFTARVPSSASAYDQRGLAPGQEYQVTVRALRGTSWGLPASKTITTMIDGPQDLRVVAVTPTTLELGWLRPQAEVDRFVVSYVSAGNQRVRLEVPPEADGTLLTDLMPGVEYVVTVTAERGRAVSYPASVRANTGSSPLGLLGTTDEPPPSGPSTTQGAQAPLLQQRPQELGELRVLGRDETGRLRVVWTAQPDTFAYFQLRMRVPEGPGAHEEVLPGDVRQALVPPPPPGTPYELSLHGVPPGGKPSDPIIYQGIMDKDEEKPGKSSGPPRLGELTVTDRTSDSLLLRWTVPEGEFDSFVIQYKDRDGQPQVVPVEGPQRSAVITSLDPGRKYKFVLYGFVGKKRHGPLVAEAKILPQSDPSPGTPPHLGNLWVTDPTPDSLHLSWTVPEGQFDTFMVQYRDRDGRPQVVPVEGPERSFVVSSLDPDHKYRFTLFGIANKKRYGPLTADGTTAPERKEEPPRPEFLEQPLLGELTVTGVTPDSLRLSWTVAQGPFDSFMVQYKDAQGQPQAVPVAGDENEVTVPGLDPDRKYKMNLYGLRGRQRVGPESVVAKTAPQEDVDETPSPTELGTEAPESPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLFWTVPQGSFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPRAVRVGGKESEVTVGGLEPGHKYKMHLYGLHEGQRVGPVSAVGVTAPQQEETPPATESPLEPRLGELTVTDVTPNSVGLSWTVPEGQFDSFIVQYKDKDGQPQVVPVAADQREVTVYNLEPERKYKMNMYGLHDGQRMGPLSVVIVTAPLPPAPATEASKPPLEPRLGELTVTDITPDSVGLSWTVPEGEFDSFVVQYKDRDGQPQVVPVAADQREVTIPDLEPSRKYKFLLFGIQDGKRRSPVSVEAKTVARGDASPGAPPRLGELWVTDPTPDSLRLSWTVPEGQFDSFVVQFKDKDGPQVVPVEGHERSVTVTPLDAGRKYRFLLYGLLGKKRHGPLTADGTTEARSAMDDTGTKRPPKPRLGEELQVTTVTQNSVGLSWTVPEGQFDSFVVQYKDRDGQPQVVPVEGSLREVSVPGLDPAHRYKLLLYGLHHGKRVGPISAVAITAGREETETETTAPTPPAPEPHLGELTVEEATSHTLHLSWMVTEGEFDSFEIQYTDRDGQLQMVRIGGDRNDITLSGLESDHRYLVTLYGFSDGKHVGPVHVEALTVPEEEKPSEPPTATPEPPIKPRLGELTVTDATPDSLSLSWTVPEGQFDHFLVQYRNGDGQPKAVRVPGHEEGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRMGPVSVVGVTAAEEETPSPTEPSMEAPEPAEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTVPQGRFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPQVVRVGGEESEVTVGGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGRRVGPVSAVGVTAPEEESPDAPLAKLRLGQMTVRDITSDSLSLSWTVPEGQFDHFLVQFKNGDGQPKAVRVPGHEDGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPVSAVGLTAPGKDEEMAPASTEPPTPEPPIKPRLEELTVTDATPDSLSLSWTVPEGQFDHFLVQYKNGDGQPKATRVPGHEDRVTISGLEPDNKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPVSAIGVTAAEEETPSPTEPSMEAPEPPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTVPQGRFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPQVVRVGGEESEVTVGGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGRRVGPVSTVGVTAPQEDVDETPSPTEPGTEAPGPPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTVPQGRFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPQAVRVGGQESKVTVRGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGRRLGPVSAVGVTEDEAETTQAVPTMTPEPPIKPRLGELTMTDATPDSLSLSWTVPEGQFDHFLVQYRNGDGQPKAVRVPGHEDGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPISVIGVTAAEEETPSPTELSTEAPEPPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTIPQGHFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPQVMRVRGEESEVTVGGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGRRVGPVSTVGVTEDEAETTQAVPTTTPEPPNKPRLGELTVTDATPDSLSLSWMVPEGQFDHFLVQYRNGDGQPKVVRVPGHEDGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPISVIGVTAAEEETPAPTEPSTEAPEPPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTIPQGRFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPQVVRVRGEESEVTVGGLEPGCKYKMHLYGLHEGQRVGPVSAVGVTAPKDEAETTQAVPTMTPEPPIKPRLGELTVTDATPDSLSLSWMVPEGQFDHFLVQYRNGDGQPKAVRVPGHEDGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPVSAIGVTEEETPSPTEPSTEAPEAPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTVPQGRFDSFTVQYKDRDGQPQVVRVRGEESEVTVGGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGQRVGPVSTVGITAPLPTPLPVEPRLGELAVAAVTSDSVGLSWTVAQGPFDSFLVQYRDAQGQPQAVPVSGDLRAVAVSGLDPARKYKFLLFGLQNGKRHGPVPVEARTAPDTKPSPRLGELTVTDATPDSVGLSWTVPEGEFDSFVVQYKDKDGRLQVVPVAANQREVTVQGLEPSRKYRFLLYGLSGRKRLGPISADSTTAPLEKELPPHLGELTVAEETSSSLRLSWTVAQGPFDSFVVQYRDTDGQPRAVPVAADQRTVTVEDLEPGKKYKFLLYGLLGGKRLGPVSALGMTAPEEDTPAPELAPEAPEPPEEPRLGVLTVTDTTPDSMRLSWSVAQGPFDSFVVQYEDTNGQPQALLVDGDQSKILISGLEPSTPYRFLLYGLHEGKRLGPLSAEGTTGLAPAGQTSEESRPRLSQLSVTDVTTSSLRLNWEAPPGAFDSFLLRFGVPSPSTLEPHPRPLLQRELMVPGTRHSAVLRDLRSGTLYSLTLYGLRGPHKADSIQGTARTLSPVLESPRDLQFSEIRETSAKVNWMPPPSRADSFKVSYQLADGGEPQSVQVDGQARTQKLQGLIPGARYEVTVVSVRGFEESEPLTGFLTTVPDGPTQLRALNLTEGFAVLHWKPPQNPVDTYDVQVTAPGAPPLQAETPGSAVDYPLHDLVLHTNYTATVRGLRGPNLTSPASITFTTGLEAPRDLEAKEVTPRTALLTWTEPPVRPAGYLLSFHTPGGQNQEILLPGGITSHQLLGLFPSTSYNARLQAMWGQSLLPPVSTSFTTGGLRIPFPRDCGEEMQNGAGASRTSTIFLNGNRERPLNVFCDMETDGGGWLVFQRRMDGQTDFWRDWEDYAHGFGNISGEFWLGNEALHSLTQAGDYSMRVDLRAGDEAVFAQYDSFHVDSAAEYYRLHLEGYHGTAGDSMSYHSGSVFSARDRDPNSLLISCAVSYRGAWWYRNCHYANLNGLYGSTVDHQGVSWYHWKGFEFSVPFTEMKLRPRNFRSPAGGG*|MMPAQYALTSSLVLLVLLSTARAGPFSSRSNVTLPAPRPPPQPGGHTVGAGVGSPSSQLYEHTVEGGEKQVVFTHRINLPPSTGCGCPPGTEPPVLASEVQALRVRLEILEELVKGLKEQCTGGCCPASAQAGTGQTDVRTLCSLHGVFDLSRCTCSCEPGWGGPTCSDPTDAEIPPSSPPSASGSCPDDCNDQGRCVRGRCVCFPGYTGPSCGWPSCPGDCQGRGRCVQGVCVCRAGFSGPDCSQRSCPRGCSQRGRCEGGRCVCDPGYTGDDCGMRSCPRGCSQRGRCENGRCVCNPGYTGEDCGVRSCPRGCSQRGRCKDGRCVCDPGYTGEDCGTRSCPWDCGEGGRCVDGRCVCWPGYTGEDCSTRTCPRDCRGRGRCEDGECICDTGYSGDDCGVRSCPGDCNQRGRCEDGRCVCWPGYTGTDCGSRACPRDCRGRGRCENGVCVCNAGYSGEDCGVRSCPGDCRGRGRCESGRCMCWPGYTGRDCGTRACPGDCRGRGRCVDGRCVCNPGFTGEDCGSRRCPGDCRGHGLCEDGVCVCDAGYSGEDCSTRSCPGGCRGRGQCLDGRCVCEDGYSGEDCGVRQCPNDCSQHGVCQDGVCICWEGYVSEDCSIRTCPSNCHGRGRCEEGRCLCDPGYTGPTCATRMCPADCRGRGRCVQGVCLCHVGYGGEDCGQEEPPASACPGGCGPRELCRAGQCVCVEGFRGPDCAIQTCPGDCRGRGECHDGSCVCKDGYAGEDCGEEVPTIEGMRMHLLEETTVRTEWTPAPGPVDAYEIQFIPTTEGASPPFTARVPSSASAYDQRGLAPGQEYQVTVRALRGTSWGLPASKTITTMIDGPQDLRVVAVTPTTLELGWLRPQAEVDRFVVSYVSAGNQRVRLEVPPEADGTLLTDLMPGVEYVVTVTAERGRAVSYPASVRANTGSSPLGLLGTTDEPPPSGPSTTQGAQAPLLQQRPQELGELRVLGRDETGRLRVVWTAQPDTFAYFQLRMRVPEGPGAHEEVLPGDVRQALVPPPPPGTPYELSLHGVPPGGKPSDPIIYQGIMDKDEEKPGKSSGPPRLGELTVTDRTSDSLLLRWTVPEGEFDSFVIQYKDRDGQPQVVPVEGPQRSAVITSLDPGRKYKFVLYGFVGKKRHGPLVAEAKILPQSDPSPGTPPHLGNLWVTDPTPDSLHLSWTVPEGQFDTFMVQYRDRDGRPQVVPVEGPERSFVVSSLDPDHKYRFTLFGIANKKRYGPLTADGTTAPERKEEPPRPEFLEQPLLGELTVTGVTPDSLRLSWTVAQGPFDSFMVQYKDAQGQPQAVPVAGDENEVTVPGLDPDRKYKMNLYGLRGRQRVGPESVVAKTAPQEDVDETPSPTELGTEAPESPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLFWTVPQGSFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPRAVRVGGKESEVTVGGLEPGHKYKMHLYGLHEGQRVGPVSAVGVTAPQQEETPPATESPLEPRLGELTVTDVTPNSVGLSWTVPEGQFDSFIVQYKDKDGQPQVVPVAADQREVTVYNLEPERKYKMNMYGLHDGQRMGPLSVVIVTAPLPPAPATEASKPPLEPRLGELTVTDITPDSVGLSWTVPEGEFDSFVVQYKDRDGQPQVVPVAADQREVTIPDLEPSRKYKFLLFGIQDGKRRSPVSVEAKTVARGDASPGAPPRLGELWVTDPTPDSLRLSWTVPEGQFDSFVVQFKDKDGPQVVPVEGHERSVTVTPLDAGRKYRFLLYGLLGKKRHGPLTADGTTEARSAMDDTGTKRPPKPRLGEELQVTTVTQNSVGLSWTVPEGQFDSFVVQYKDRDGQPQVVPVEGSLREVSVPGLDPAHRYKLLLYGLHHGKRVGPISAVAITAGREETETETTAPTPPAPEPHLGELTVEEATSHTLHLSWMVTEGEFDSFEIQYTDRDGQLQMVRIGGDRNDITLSGLESDHRYLVTLYGFSDGKHVGPVHVEALTVPEEEKPSEPPTATPEPPIKPRLGELTVTDATPDSLSLSWTVPEGQFDHFLVQYRNGDGQPKAVRVPGHEEGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRMGPVSVVGVTAAEEETPSPTEPSMEAPEPAEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTVPQGRFDSFTMQYKDRDGRPQVVRVGGEESEVTVGGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGRRVGPVSAVGVTAPEEESPDAPLAKLRLGQMTVRDITSDSLSLSWTVPEGQFDHFLVQFKNGDGQPKAVRVPGHEDGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPVSAVGLTAPGKDEEMAPASTEPPTPEPPIKPRLEELTVTDATPDSLSLSWTVPEGQFDHFLVQYKNGDGQPKATRVPGHEDRVTISGLEPDNKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPVSAIGVTAAEEETPSPTEPSMEAPEPPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTVPQGRFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPQVVRVGGEESEVTVGGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGRRVGPVSTVGVTAPQEDVDETPSPTEPGTEAPGPPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTVPQGRFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPQAVRVGGQESKVTVRGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGRRLGPVSAVGVTEDEAETTQAVPTMTPEPPIKPRLGELTMTDATPDSLSLSWTVPEGQFDHFLVQYRNGDGQPKAVRVPGHEDGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPISVIGVTAAEEETPSPTELSTEAPEPPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTIPQGHFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPQVMRVRGEESEVTVGGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGRRVGPVSTVGVTEDEAETTQAVPTTTPEPPNKPRLGELTVTDATPDSLSLSWMVPEGQFDHFLVQYRNGDGQPKVVRVPGHEDGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPISVIGVTAAEEETPAPTEPSTEAPEPPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTIPQGRFDSFTVQYKDRDGRPQVVRVRGEESEVTVGGLEPGCKYKMHLYGLHEGQRVGPVSAVGVTAPKDEAETTQAVPTMTPEPPIKPRLGELTVTDATPDSLSLSWMVPEGQFDHFLVQYRNGDGQPKAVRVPGHEDGVTISGLEPDHKYKMNLYGFHGGQRVGPVSAIGVTEEETPSPTEPSTEAPEAPEEPLLGELTVTGSSPDSLSLSWTVPQGRFDSFTVQYKDRDGQPQVVRVRGEESEVTVGGLEPGRKYKMHLYGLHEGQRVGPVSTVGITAPLPTPLPVEPRLGELAVAAVTSDSVGLSWTVAQGPFDSFLVQYRDAQGQPQAVPVSGDLRAVAVSGLDPARKYKFLLFGLQNGKRHGPVPVEARTAPDTKPSPRLGELTVTDATPDSVGLSWTVPEGEFDSFVVQYKDKDGRLQVVPVAANQREVTVQGLEPSRKYRFLLYGLSGRKRLGPISADSTTAPLEKELPPHLGELTVAEETSSSLRLSWTVAQGPFDSFVVQYRDTDGQPRAVPVAADQRTVTVEDLEPGKKYKFLLYGLLGGKRLGPVSALGMTAPEEDTPAPELAPEAPEPPEEPRLGVLTVTDTTPDSMRLSWSVAQGPFDSFVVQYEDTNGQPQALLVDGDQSKILISGLEPSTPYRFLLYGLHEGKRLGPLSAEGTTGLAPAGQTSEESRPRLSQLSVTDVTTSSLRLNWEAPPGAFDSFLLRFGVPSPSTLEPHPRPLLQRELMVPGTRHSAVLRDLRSGTLYSLTLYGLRGPHKADSIQGTARTLSPVLESPRDLQFSEIRETSAKVNWMPPPSRADSFKVSYQLADGGEPQSVQVDGQARTQKLQGLIPGARYEVTVVSVRGFEESEPLTGFLTTVPDGPTQLRALNLTEGFAVLHWKPPQNPVDTYDVQVTAPGAPPLQAETPGSAVDYPLHDLVLHTNYTATVRGLRGPNLTSPASITFTTGLEAPRDLEAKEVTPRTALLTWTEPPVRPAGYLLSFHTPGGQNQEILLPGGITSHQLLGLFPSTSYNARLQAMWGQSLLPPVSTSFTTGGLRIPFPRDCGEEMQNGAGASRTSTIFLNGNRERPLNVFCDMETDGGGWLVFQRRMDGQTDFWRDWEDYAHGFGNISGEFWLGNEALHSLTQAGDYSMRVDLRAGDEAVFAQYDSFHVDSAAEYYRLHLEGYHGTAGDSMSYHSGSVFSARDRDPNSLLISCAVSYRGAWWYRNCHYANLNGLYGSTVDHQGVSWYHWKGFEFSVPFTEMKLRPRNFRSPAGGG*
chr6:32073565:C/A:1	chr6	32073565	C|A	1	TNXB	NM_001365276	7148	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	82	None
chr6:32073565:C/A:1	chr6	32073565	C|A	1	TNXB	NM_019105	7148	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	82	None
chr6:32081732:G/T:1	chr6	32081732	G|T	1	TNXB	NM_001365276	7148	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chr6:32081732:G/T:1	chr6	32081732	G|T	1	TNXB	NM_019105	7148	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chr6:32530260:C/G:1	chr6	32530260	C|G	1	HLA-DRB5	NM_002125	3127	5utr	28	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:32530317:G/A:1	chr6	32530317	G|A	1	HLA-DRB5	NM_002125	3127	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:32584008:G/C:1	chr6	32584008	G|C	1	HLA-DRB1	NM_001243965	3123	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	101	None
chr6:32584008:G/C:1	chr6	32584008	G|C	1	HLA-DRB1	NM_002124	3123	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	101	None
chr6:33171551:C/T:1	chr6	33171551	C|T	1	COL11A2	NM_080679	1302	coding	3081	2853	951	P>P	syn	None	MERCSRCHRLLLLLPLVLGLSAAPGWAGAPPVDVLRALRFPSLPDGVRRAKGICPADVAYRVARPAQLSAPTRQLFPGGFPKDFSLLTVVRTRPGLQAPLLTLYSAQGVRQLGLELGRPVRFLYEDQTGRPQPPSQPVFRGLSLADGKWHRVAVAVKGQSVTLIVDCKKRVTRPLPRSARPVLDTHGVIIFGARILDEEVFEGDVQELAIVPGVQAAYESCEQKELECEGGQRERPQNQQPHRAQRSPQQQPSRLHRPQNQEPQSQAAHGPRGLKGEKGEPAVLEPGMLVEGPPGPEGPAGLIGPPGIQGNPGPVGDPGERGPPGRAGLPGSDGAPGPPGTSLMLPFRFGSGGGDKGPVVAAQEAQAQAILQQARLALRGPPGPMGYTGRPGPLGQPGSPGLKGESGDLGPQGPRGPQGLTGPPGKAGRRGRAGADGARGMPGDPGVKGDRGFDGLPGLPGEKGHRGDTGAQGLPGPPGEDGERGDDGEIGPRGLPGESGPRGLLGPKGPPGIPGPPGVRGMDGPQGPKGSLGPQGEPGPPGQQGTPGTQGLPGPQGAIGPHGEKGPQGKPGLPGMPGSDGPPGHPGKEGPPGTKGNQGPSGPQGPLGYPGPRGVKGVDGIRGLKGHKGEKGEDGFPGFKGDIGVKGDRGEVGVPGSRGEDGPEGPKGRTGPTGDPGPPGLMGEKGKLGVPGLPGYPGRQGPKGSLGFPGFPGASGEKGARGLSGKSGPRGERGPTGPRGQRGPRGATGKSGAKGTSGGDGPHGPPGERGLPGPQGPNGFPGPKGPPGPPGKDGLPGHPGQRGEVGFQGKTGPPGPPGVVGPQGAAGETGPMGERGHPGPPGPPGEQGLPGTAGKEGTKGDPGPPGAPGKDGPAGLRGFPGERGLPGTAGGPGLKGNEGPSGPPGPAGSPGERGAAGSGGPIGPPGRPGPQGPPGAAGEKGVPGEKGPIGPTGRDGVQGPVGLPGPAGPPGVAGEDGDKGEVGDPGQKGTKGNKGEHGPPGPPGPIGPVGQPGAAGADGEPGARGPQGHFGAKGDEGTRGFNGPPGPIGLQGLPGPSGEKGETGDVGPMGPPGPPGPRGPAGPNGADGPQGPPGGVGNLGPPGEKGEPGESGSPGIQGEPGVKGPRGERGEKGESGQPGEPGPPGPKGPTGDDGPKGNPGPVGFPGDPGPPGEGGPRGQDGAKGDRGEDGEPGQPGSPGPTGENGPPGPLGKRGPAGSPGSEGRQGGKGAKGDPGAIGAPGKTGPVGPAGPAGKPGPDGLRGLPGSVGQQGRPGATGQAGPPGPVGPPGLPGLRGDAGAKGEKGHPGLIGLIGPPGEQGEKGDRGLPGPQGSPGQKGEMGIPGASGPIGPGGPPGLPGPAGPKGAKGATGPGGPKGEKGVQGPPGHPGPPGEVIQPLPIQMPKKTRRSVDGSRLMQEDEAIPTGGAPGSPGGLEEIFGSLDSLREEIEQMRRPTGTQDSPARTCQDLKLCHPELPDGEYWVDPNQGCARDAFRVFCNFTAGGETCVTPRDDVTQFSYVDSEGSPVGVVQLTFLRLLSVSAHQDVSYPCSGAARDGPLRLRGANEDELSPETSPYVKEFRDGCQTQQGRTVLEVRTPVLEQLPVLDASFSDLGAPPRRGGVLLGPVCFMG*
chr6:33171551:C/T:1	chr6	33171551	C|T	1	COL11A2	NM_080680	1302	coding	3402	3174	1058	P>P	syn	None	MERCSRCHRLLLLLPLVLGLSAAPGWAGAPPVDVLRALRFPSLPDGVRRAKGICPADVAYRVARPAQLSAPTRQLFPGGFPKDFSLLTVVRTRPGLQAPLLTLYSAQGVRQLGLELGRPVRFLYEDQTGRPQPPSQPVFRGLSLADGKWHRVAVAVKGQSVTLIVDCKKRVTRPLPRSARPVLDTHGVIIFGARILDEEVFEGDVQELAIVPGVQAAYESCEQKELECEGGQRERPQNQQPHRAQRSPQQQPSRLHRPQNQEPQSQPTESLYYDYEPPYYDVMTTGTTPDYQDPTPGEEEEILESSLLPPLEEEQTDLQVPPTADRFQAEEYGEGGTDPPEGPYDYTYGYGDDYREETELGPALSAETAHSGAAAHGPRGLKGEKGEPAVLEPGMLVEGPPGPEGPAGLIGPPGIQGNPGPVGDPGERGPPGRAGLPGSDGAPGPPGTSLMLPFRFGSGGGDKGPVVAAQEAQAQAILQQARLALRGPPGPMGYTGRPGPLGQPGSPGLKGESGDLGPQGPRGPQGLTGPPGKAGRRGRAGADGARGMPGDPGVKGDRGFDGLPGLPGEKGHRGDTGAQGLPGPPGEDGERGDDGEIGPRGLPGESGPRGLLGPKGPPGIPGPPGVRGMDGPQGPKGSLGPQGEPGPPGQQGTPGTQGLPGPQGAIGPHGEKGPQGKPGLPGMPGSDGPPGHPGKEGPPGTKGNQGPSGPQGPLGYPGPRGVKGVDGIRGLKGHKGEKGEDGFPGFKGDIGVKGDRGEVGVPGSRGEDGPEGPKGRTGPTGDPGPPGLMGEKGKLGVPGLPGYPGRQGPKGSLGFPGFPGASGEKGARGLSGKSGPRGERGPTGPRGQRGPRGATGKSGAKGTSGGDGPHGPPGERGLPGPQGPNGFPGPKGPPGPPGKDGLPGHPGQRGEVGFQGKTGPPGPPGVVGPQGAAGETGPMGERGHPGPPGPPGEQGLPGTAGKEGTKGDPGPPGAPGKDGPAGLRGFPGERGLPGTAGGPGLKGNEGPSGPPGPAGSPGERGAAGSGGPIGPPGRPGPQGPPGAAGEKGVPGEKGPIGPTGRDGVQGPVGLPGPAGPPGVAGEDGDKGEVGDPGQKGTKGNKGEHGPPGPPGPIGPVGQPGAAGADGEPGARGPQGHFGAKGDEGTRGFNGPPGPIGLQGLPGPSGEKGETGDVGPMGPPGPPGPRGPAGPNGADGPQGPPGGVGNLGPPGEKGEPGESGSPGIQGEPGVKGPRGERGEKGESGQPGEPGPPGPKGPTGDDGPKGNPGPVGFPGDPGPPGEGGPRGQDGAKGDRGEDGEPGQPGSPGPTGENGPPGPLGKRGPAGSPGSEGRQGGKGAKGDPGAIGAPGKTGPVGPAGPAGKPGPDGLRGLPGSVGQQGRPGATGQAGPPGPVGPPGLPGLRGDAGAKGEKGHPGLIGLIGPPGEQGEKGDRGLPGPQGSPGQKGEMGIPGASGPIGPGGPPGLPGPAGPKGAKGATGPGGPKGEKGVQGPPGHPGPPGEVIQPLPIQMPKKTRRSVDGSRLMQEDEAIPTGGAPGSPGGLEEIFGSLDSLREEIEQMRRPTGTQDSPARTCQDLKLCHPELPDGEYWVDPNQGCARDAFRVFCNFTAGGETCVTPRDDVTQFSYVDSEGSPVGVVQLTFLRLLSVSAHQDVSYPCSGAARDGPLRLRGANEDELSPETSPYVKEFRDGCQTQQGRTVLEVRTPVLEQLPVLDASFSDLGAPPRRGGVLLGPVCFMG*
chr6:33171551:C/T:1	chr6	33171551	C|T	1	COL11A2	NM_080681	1302	coding	3144	2916	972	P>P	syn	None	MERCSRCHRLLLLLPLVLGLSAAPGWAGAPPVDVLRALRFPSLPDGVRRAKGICPADVAYRVARPAQLSAPTRQLFPGGFPKDFSLLTVVRTRPGLQAPLLTLYSAQGVRQLGLELGRPVRFLYEDQTGRPQPPSQPVFRGLSLADGKWHRVAVAVKGQSVTLIVDCKKRVTRPLPRSARPVLDTHGVIIFGARILDEEVFEGDVQELAIVPGVQAAYESCEQKELECEGGQRERPQNQQPHRAQRSPQQQPSRLHRPQNQEPQSQDPTPGEEEEILESSLLPPLEEAAHGPRGLKGEKGEPAVLEPGMLVEGPPGPEGPAGLIGPPGIQGNPGPVGDPGERGPPGRAGLPGSDGAPGPPGTSLMLPFRFGSGGGDKGPVVAAQEAQAQAILQQARLALRGPPGPMGYTGRPGPLGQPGSPGLKGESGDLGPQGPRGPQGLTGPPGKAGRRGRAGADGARGMPGDPGVKGDRGFDGLPGLPGEKGHRGDTGAQGLPGPPGEDGERGDDGEIGPRGLPGESGPRGLLGPKGPPGIPGPPGVRGMDGPQGPKGSLGPQGEPGPPGQQGTPGTQGLPGPQGAIGPHGEKGPQGKPGLPGMPGSDGPPGHPGKEGPPGTKGNQGPSGPQGPLGYPGPRGVKGVDGIRGLKGHKGEKGEDGFPGFKGDIGVKGDRGEVGVPGSRGEDGPEGPKGRTGPTGDPGPPGLMGEKGKLGVPGLPGYPGRQGPKGSLGFPGFPGASGEKGARGLSGKSGPRGERGPTGPRGQRGPRGATGKSGAKGTSGGDGPHGPPGERGLPGPQGPNGFPGPKGPPGPPGKDGLPGHPGQRGEVGFQGKTGPPGPPGVVGPQGAAGETGPMGERGHPGPPGPPGEQGLPGTAGKEGTKGDPGPPGAPGKDGPAGLRGFPGERGLPGTAGGPGLKGNEGPSGPPGPAGSPGERGAAGSGGPIGPPGRPGPQGPPGAAGEKGVPGEKGPIGPTGRDGVQGPVGLPGPAGPPGVAGEDGDKGEVGDPGQKGTKGNKGEHGPPGPPGPIGPVGQPGAAGADGEPGARGPQGHFGAKGDEGTRGFNGPPGPIGLQGLPGPSGEKGETGDVGPMGPPGPPGPRGPAGPNGADGPQGPPGGVGNLGPPGEKGEPGESGSPGIQGEPGVKGPRGERGEKGESGQPGEPGPPGPKGPTGDDGPKGNPGPVGFPGDPGPPGEGGPRGQDGAKGDRGEDGEPGQPGSPGPTGENGPPGPLGKRGPAGSPGSEGRQGGKGAKGDPGAIGAPGKTGPVGPAGPAGKPGPDGLRGLPGSVGQQGRPGATGQAGPPGPVGPPGLPGLRGDAGAKGEKGHPGLIGLIGPPGEQGEKGDRGLPGPQGSPGQKGEMGIPGASGPIGPGGPPGLPGPAGPKGAKGATGPGGPKGEKGVQGPPGHPGPPGEVIQPLPIQMPKKTRRSVDGSRLMQEDEAIPTGGAPGSPGGLEEIFGSLDSLREEIEQMRRPTGTQDSPARTCQDLKLCHPELPDGEYWVDPNQGCARDAFRVFCNFTAGGETCVTPRDDVTQFSYVDSEGSPVGVVQLTFLRLLSVSAHQDVSYPCSGAARDGPLRLRGANEDELSPETSPYVKEFRDGCQTQQGRTVLEVRTPVLEQLPVLDASFSDLGAPPRRGGVLLGPVCFMG*
chr6:33676739:C/A:1	chr6	33676739	C|A	1	ITPR3	NM_002224	3710	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29	None
chr6:35396106:C/T:1	chr6	35396106	C|T	1	PPARD	NM_001171818	5467	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1392	None
chr6:35396106:C/T:1	chr6	35396106	C|T	1	PPARD	NM_001171820	5467	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14881	None
chr6:35396106:C/T:1	chr6	35396106	C|T	1	PPARD	NM_006238	5467	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14881	None
chr6:35396106:C/T:1	chr6	35396106	C|T	1	PPARD	NM_177435	5467	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14881	None
chr6:35396106:C/T:1	chr6	35396106	C|T	1	PPARD	NM_001171819	5467	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	24021	None
chr6:35999792:G/A:1	chr6	35999792	G|A	1	SLC26A8	NM_001193476	116369	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	200	None
chr6:35999792:G/A:1	chr6	35999792	G|A	1	SLC26A8	NM_052961	116369	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	200	None
chr6:35999792:G/A:1	chr6	35999792	G|A	1	SLC26A8	NM_138718	116369	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	200	None
chr6:37650494:G/C:1	chr6	37650494	G|C	1	MDGA1	NM_153487	266727	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	89	None
chr6:37930201:T/A:1	chr6	37930201	T|A	1	ZFAND3	NM_021943	60685	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	202	None
chr6:38850159:T/G:1	chr6	38850159	T|G	1	DNAH8	NM_001206927	1769	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	92	None
chr6:38850159:T/G:1	chr6	38850159	T|G	1	DNAH8	NM_001371	1769	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	92	None
chr6:39086149:G/A:1	chr6	39086149	G|A	1	GLP1R	NM_002062	2740	3utr	1528	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:39086149:G/A:1	chr6	39086149	G|A	1	GLP1R	NR_136563	2740	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	20	None
chr6:39086149:G/A:1	chr6	39086149	G|A	1	GLP1R	NR_136562	2740	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	20	None
chr6:39314972:G/A:1	chr6	39314972	G|A	1	KCNK16	NM_001135106	83795	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:39314972:G/A:1	chr6	39314972	G|A	1	KCNK17	NM_031460	89822	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:39314972:G/A:1	chr6	39314972	G|A	1	KCNK17	NM_001135111	89822	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:39314972:G/A:1	chr6	39314972	G|A	1	KCNK16	NM_001135107	83795	3utr	833	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:39314972:G/A:1	chr6	39314972	G|A	1	KCNK16	NM_001363784	83795	3utr	865	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:39314972:G/A:1	chr6	39314972	G|A	1	KCNK16	NM_032115	83795	3utr	974	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:39314972:G/A:1	chr6	39314972	G|A	1	KCNK16	NM_001135105	83795	3utr	1135	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:39867400:C/A:1	chr6	39867400	C|A	1	DAAM2	NM_001201427	23500	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	110	None
chr6:39867400:C/A:1	chr6	39867400	C|A	1	DAAM2	NM_015345	23500	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	110	None
chr6:39899059:A/G:1	chr6	39899059	A|G	1	LOC100505635	NR_125831	100505635	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:39899059:A/G:1	chr6	39899059	A|G	1	DAAM2	NM_001201427	23500	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	122	None
chr6:39899059:A/G:1	chr6	39899059	A|G	1	DAAM2	NM_015345	23500	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	122	None
chr6:42879767:G/T:1	chr6	42879767	G|T	1	RPL7L1	NM_001366481	285855	5utr	152	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:42879767:G/T:1	chr6	42879767	G|T	1	RPL7L1	NM_198486	285855	5utr	152	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:42879767:G/T:1	chr6	42879767	G|T	1	RPL7L1	NR_134562	285855	non-coding	152	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:42879767:G/T:1	chr6	42879767	G|T	1	RPL7L1	NR_134563	285855	non-coding	152	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:43055804:A/T:1	chr6	43055804	A|T	1	CUL7	NM_001168370	9820	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:43055804:A/T:1	chr6	43055804	A|T	1	CUL7	NM_014780	9820	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:43055804:A/T:1	chr6	43055804	A|T	1	MRPL2	NM_001300848	51069	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr6:43055804:A/T:1	chr6	43055804	A|T	1	MRPL2	NM_015950	51069	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr6:44044571:T/C:1	chr6	44044571	T|C	1	LOC101929705	NR_125864	101929705	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29926	None
chr6:46825550:G/T:1	chr6	46825550	G|T	1	MEP1A	NM_005588	4224	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	57	None
chr6:47503412:G/T:1	chr6	47503412	G|T	1	CD2AP	NM_012120	23607	coding	593	137	46	R>I	nonsyn	None	MVDYIVEYDYDAVHDDELTIRVGEIIRNVKKLQEEGWLEGELNGRRGMFPDNFVKEIKRETEFKDDSLPIKRERHGNVASLVQRISTYGLPAGGIQPHPQTKNIKKKTKKRQCKVLFEYIPQNEDELELKVGDIIDINEEVEEGWWSGTLNNKLGLFPSNFVKELEVTDDGETHEAQDDSETVLAGPTSPIPSLGNVSETASGSVTQPKKIRGIGFGDIFKEGSVKLRTRTSSSETEEKKPEKPLILQSLGPKTQSVEITKTDTEGKIKAKEYCRTLFAYEGTNEDELTFKEGEIIHLISKETGEAGWWRGELNGKEGVFPDNFAVQINELDKDFPKPKKPPPPAKAPAPKPELIAAEKKYFSLKPEEKDEKSTLEQKPSKPAAPQVPPKKPTPPTKASNLLRSSGTVYPKRPEKPVPPPPPIAKINGEVSSISSKFETEPVSKLKLDSEQLPLRPKSVDFDSLTVRTSKETDVVNFDDIASSENLLHLTANRPKMPGRRLPGRFNGGHSPTHSPEKILKLPKEEDSANLKPSELKKDTCYSPKPSVYLSTPSSASKANTTAFLTPLEIKAKVETDDVKKNSLDELRAQIIELLCIVEALKKDHGKELEKLRKDLEEEKTMRSNLEMEIEKLKKAVLSS*|MVDYIVEYDYDAVHDDELTIRVGEIIRNVKKLQEEGWLEGELNGRIGMFPDNFVKEIKRETEFKDDSLPIKRERHGNVASLVQRISTYGLPAGGIQPHPQTKNIKKKTKKRQCKVLFEYIPQNEDELELKVGDIIDINEEVEEGWWSGTLNNKLGLFPSNFVKELEVTDDGETHEAQDDSETVLAGPTSPIPSLGNVSETASGSVTQPKKIRGIGFGDIFKEGSVKLRTRTSSSETEEKKPEKPLILQSLGPKTQSVEITKTDTEGKIKAKEYCRTLFAYEGTNEDELTFKEGEIIHLISKETGEAGWWRGELNGKEGVFPDNFAVQINELDKDFPKPKKPPPPAKAPAPKPELIAAEKKYFSLKPEEKDEKSTLEQKPSKPAAPQVPPKKPTPPTKASNLLRSSGTVYPKRPEKPVPPPPPIAKINGEVSSISSKFETEPVSKLKLDSEQLPLRPKSVDFDSLTVRTSKETDVVNFDDIASSENLLHLTANRPKMPGRRLPGRFNGGHSPTHSPEKILKLPKEEDSANLKPSELKKDTCYSPKPSVYLSTPSSASKANTTAFLTPLEIKAKVETDDVKKNSLDELRAQIIELLCIVEALKKDHGKELEKLRKDLEEEKTMRSNLEMEIEKLKKAVLSS*
chr6:47573971:A/T:1	chr6	47573971	A|T	1	CD2AP	NM_012120	23607	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr6:49444826:C/A:1	chr6	49444826	C|A	1	MMUT	NM_000255	4594	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	72	None
chr6:57147079:A/T:1	chr6	57147079	A|T	1	ZNF451-AS1	NR_110742	101927211	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	23926	None
chr6:57147079:A/T:1	chr6	57147079	A|T	1	ZNF451	NM_001031623	26036	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11	None
chr6:57147079:A/T:1	chr6	57147079	A|T	1	ZNF451	NM_015555	26036	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11	None
chr6:75151273:C/A:1	chr6	75151273	C|A	1	COL12A1	NM_004370	1303	coding	4327	4015	1339	D>Y	nonsyn	None	MRSRLPPALAALGAALLLSSIEAEVDPPSDLNFKIIDENTVHMSWAKPVDPIVGYRITVDPTTDGPTKEFTLSASTTETLLSELVPETEYVVTITSYDEVEESVPVIGQLTIQTGSSTKPVEKKPGKTEIQKCSVSAWTDLVFLVDGSWSVGRNNFKYILDFIAALVSAFDIGEEKTRVGVVQYSSDTRTEFNLNQYYQRDELLAAIKKIPYKGGNTMTGDAIDYLVKNTFTESAGARVGFPKVAIIITDGKSQDEVEIPARELRNVGVEVFSLGIKAADAKELKQIASTPSLNHVFNVANFDAIVDIQNEIISQVCSGVDEQLGELVSGEEVVEPPSNLIAMEVSSKYVKLNWNPSPSPVTGYKVILTPMTAGSRQHALSVGPQTTTLSVRDLSADTEYQISVSAMKGMTSSEPISIMEKTQPMKVQVECSRGVDIKADIVFLVDGSYSIGIANFVKVRAFLEVLVKSFEISPNRVQISLVQYSRDPHTEFTLKKFTKVEDIIEAINTFPYRGGSTNTGKAMTYVREKIFVPSKGSRSNVPKVMILITDGKSSDAFRDPAIKLRNSDVEIFAVGVKDAVRSELEAIASPPAETHVFTVEDFDAFQRISFELTQSICLRIEQELAAIKKKAYVPPKDLSFSEVTSYGFKTNWSPAGENVFSYHITYKEAAGDDEVTVVEPASSTSVVLSSLKPETLYLVNVTAEYEDGFSIPLAGEETTEEVKGAPRNLKVTDETTDSFKITWTQAPGRVLRYRIIYRPVAGGESREVTTPPNQRRRTLENLIPDTKYEVSVIPEYFSGPGTPLTGNAATEEVRGNPRDLRVSDPTTSTMKLSWSGAPGKVKQYLVTYTPVAGGETQEVTVRGDTTNTVLQGLKEGTQYALSVTALYASGAGDALFGEGTTLEERGSPQDLVTKDITDTSIGAYWTSAPGMVRGYRVSWKSLYDDVDTGEKNLPEDAIHTMIENLQPETKYRISVFATYSSGEGEPLTGDATTELSQDSKTLKVDEETENTMRVTWKPAPGKVVNYRVVYRPHGRGKQMVAKVPPTVTSTVLKRLQPQTTYDITVLPIYKMGEGKLRQGSGTTASRFKSPRNLKTSDPTMSSFRVTWEPAPGEVKGYKVTFHPTGDDRRLGELVVGPYDNTVVLEELRAGTTYKVNVFGMFDGGESSPLVGQEMTTLSDTTVMPILSSGMECLTRAEADIVLLVDGSWSIGRANFRTVRSFISRIVEVFDIGPKRVQIALAQYSGDPRTEWQLNAHRDKKSLLQAVANLPYKGGNTLTGMALNFIRQQNFRTQAGMRPRARKIGVLITDGKSQDDVEAPSKKLKDEGVELFAIGIKNADEVELKMIATDPDDTHAYNVADFESLSRIVDDLTINLCNSVKGPGDLEAPSNLVISERTHRSFRVSWTPPSDSVDRYKVEYYPVSGGKRQEFYVSRMETSTVLKDLKPETEYVVNVYSVVEDEYSEPLKGTEKTLPVPVVSLNIYDVGPTTMHVQWQPVGGATGYILSYKPVKDTEPTRPKEVRLGPTVNDMQLTDLVPNTEYAVTVQAVLHDLTSEPVTVREVTLPLPRPQDLKLRDVTHSTMNVFWEPVPGKVRKYIVRYKTPEEDVKEVEVDRSETSTSLKDLFSQTLYTVSVSAVHDEGESPPVTAQETTRPVPAPTNLKITEVTSEGFRGTWDHGASDVSLYRITWAPFGSSDKMETILNGDENTLVFENLNPNTIYEVSITAIYPDESESDDLIGSERTLPILTTQAPKSGPRNLQVYNATSNSLTVKWDPASGRVQKYRITYQPSTGEGNEQTTTIGGRQNSVVLQKLKPDTPYTITVSSLYPDGEGGRMTGRGKTKPLNTVRNLRVYDPSTSTLNVRWDHAEGNPRQYKLFYAPAAGGPEELVPIPGNTNYAILRNLQPDTSYTVTVVPVYTEGDGGRTSDTGRTLMRGLARNVQVYNPTPNSLDVRWDPAPGPVLQYRVVYSPVDGTRPSESIVVPGNTRMVHLERLIPDTLYSVNLVALYSDGEGNPSPAQGRTLPRSGPRNLRVFGETTNSLSVAWDHADGPVQQYRIIYSPTVGDPIDEYTTVPGRRNNVILQPLQPDTPYKITVIAVYEDGDGGHLTGNGRTVGLLPPQNIHISDEWYTRFRVSWDPSPSPVLGYKIVYKPVGSNEPMEAFVGEMTSYTLHNLNPSTTYDVNVYAQYDSGLSVPLTDQGTTLYLNVTDLKTYQIGWDTFCVKWSPHRAATSYRLKLSPADGTRGQEITVRGSETSHCFTGLSPDTDYGVTVFVQTPNLEGPGVSVKEHTTVKPTEAPTEPPTPPPPPTIPPARDVCKGAKADIVFLTDASWSIGDDNFNKVVKFIFNTVGGFDEISPAGIQVSFVQYSDEVKSEFKLNTYNDKALALGALQNIRYRGGNTRTGKALTFIKEKVLTWESGMRKNVPKVLVVVTDGRSQDEVKKAALVIQQSGFSVFVVGVADVDYNELANIASKPSERHVFIVDDFESFEKIEDNLITFVCETATSSCPLIYLDGYTSPGFKMLEAYNLTEKNFASVQGVSLESGSFPSYSAYRIQKNAFVNQPTADLHPNGLPPSYTIILLFRLLPETPSDPFAIWQITDRDYKPQVGVIADPSSKTLSFFNKDTRGEVQTVTFDTEEVKTLFYGSFHKVHIVVTSKSVKIYIDCYEIIEKDIKEAGNITTDGYEILGKLLKGERKSAAFQIQSFDIVCSPVWTSRDRCCDIPSRRDEGKCPAFPNSCTCTQDSVGPPGPPGPAGGPGAKGPRGERGISGAIGPPGPRGDIGPPGPQGPPGPQGPNGLSIPGEQGRQGMKGDAGEPGLPGRTGTPGLPGPPGPMGPPGDRGFTGKDGAMGPRGPPGPPGSPGSPGVTGPSGKPGKPGDHGRPGPSGLKGEKGDRGDIASQNMMRAVARQVCEQLISGQMNRFNQMLNQIPNDYQSSRNQPGPPGPPGPPGSAGARGEPGPGGRPGFPGTPGMQGPPGERGLPGEKGERGTGSSGPRGLPGPPGPQGESRTGPPGSTGSRGPPGPPGRPGNSGIRGPPGPPGYCDSSQCASIPYNGQGYPGSG*|MRSRLPPALAALGAALLLSSIEAEVDPPSDLNFKIIDENTVHMSWAKPVDPIVGYRITVDPTTDGPTKEFTLSASTTETLLSELVPETEYVVTITSYDEVEESVPVIGQLTIQTGSSTKPVEKKPGKTEIQKCSVSAWTDLVFLVDGSWSVGRNNFKYILDFIAALVSAFDIGEEKTRVGVVQYSSDTRTEFNLNQYYQRDELLAAIKKIPYKGGNTMTGDAIDYLVKNTFTESAGARVGFPKVAIIITDGKSQDEVEIPARELRNVGVEVFSLGIKAADAKELKQIASTPSLNHVFNVANFDAIVDIQNEIISQVCSGVDEQLGELVSGEEVVEPPSNLIAMEVSSKYVKLNWNPSPSPVTGYKVILTPMTAGSRQHALSVGPQTTTLSVRDLSADTEYQISVSAMKGMTSSEPISIMEKTQPMKVQVECSRGVDIKADIVFLVDGSYSIGIANFVKVRAFLEVLVKSFEISPNRVQISLVQYSRDPHTEFTLKKFTKVEDIIEAINTFPYRGGSTNTGKAMTYVREKIFVPSKGSRSNVPKVMILITDGKSSDAFRDPAIKLRNSDVEIFAVGVKDAVRSELEAIASPPAETHVFTVEDFDAFQRISFELTQSICLRIEQELAAIKKKAYVPPKDLSFSEVTSYGFKTNWSPAGENVFSYHITYKEAAGDDEVTVVEPASSTSVVLSSLKPETLYLVNVTAEYEDGFSIPLAGEETTEEVKGAPRNLKVTDETTDSFKITWTQAPGRVLRYRIIYRPVAGGESREVTTPPNQRRRTLENLIPDTKYEVSVIPEYFSGPGTPLTGNAATEEVRGNPRDLRVSDPTTSTMKLSWSGAPGKVKQYLVTYTPVAGGETQEVTVRGDTTNTVLQGLKEGTQYALSVTALYASGAGDALFGEGTTLEERGSPQDLVTKDITDTSIGAYWTSAPGMVRGYRVSWKSLYDDVDTGEKNLPEDAIHTMIENLQPETKYRISVFATYSSGEGEPLTGDATTELSQDSKTLKVDEETENTMRVTWKPAPGKVVNYRVVYRPHGRGKQMVAKVPPTVTSTVLKRLQPQTTYDITVLPIYKMGEGKLRQGSGTTASRFKSPRNLKTSDPTMSSFRVTWEPAPGEVKGYKVTFHPTGDDRRLGELVVGPYDNTVVLEELRAGTTYKVNVFGMFDGGESSPLVGQEMTTLSDTTVMPILSSGMECLTRAEADIVLLVDGSWSIGRANFRTVRSFISRIVEVFDIGPKRVQIALAQYSGDPRTEWQLNAHRDKKSLLQAVANLPYKGGNTLTGMALNFIRQQNFRTQAGMRPRARKIGVLITDGKSQDDVEAPSKKLKDEGVELFAIGIKNAYEVELKMIATDPDDTHAYNVADFESLSRIVDDLTINLCNSVKGPGDLEAPSNLVISERTHRSFRVSWTPPSDSVDRYKVEYYPVSGGKRQEFYVSRMETSTVLKDLKPETEYVVNVYSVVEDEYSEPLKGTEKTLPVPVVSLNIYDVGPTTMHVQWQPVGGATGYILSYKPVKDTEPTRPKEVRLGPTVNDMQLTDLVPNTEYAVTVQAVLHDLTSEPVTVREVTLPLPRPQDLKLRDVTHSTMNVFWEPVPGKVRKYIVRYKTPEEDVKEVEVDRSETSTSLKDLFSQTLYTVSVSAVHDEGESPPVTAQETTRPVPAPTNLKITEVTSEGFRGTWDHGASDVSLYRITWAPFGSSDKMETILNGDENTLVFENLNPNTIYEVSITAIYPDESESDDLIGSERTLPILTTQAPKSGPRNLQVYNATSNSLTVKWDPASGRVQKYRITYQPSTGEGNEQTTTIGGRQNSVVLQKLKPDTPYTITVSSLYPDGEGGRMTGRGKTKPLNTVRNLRVYDPSTSTLNVRWDHAEGNPRQYKLFYAPAAGGPEELVPIPGNTNYAILRNLQPDTSYTVTVVPVYTEGDGGRTSDTGRTLMRGLARNVQVYNPTPNSLDVRWDPAPGPVLQYRVVYSPVDGTRPSESIVVPGNTRMVHLERLIPDTLYSVNLVALYSDGEGNPSPAQGRTLPRSGPRNLRVFGETTNSLSVAWDHADGPVQQYRIIYSPTVGDPIDEYTTVPGRRNNVILQPLQPDTPYKITVIAVYEDGDGGHLTGNGRTVGLLPPQNIHISDEWYTRFRVSWDPSPSPVLGYKIVYKPVGSNEPMEAFVGEMTSYTLHNLNPSTTYDVNVYAQYDSGLSVPLTDQGTTLYLNVTDLKTYQIGWDTFCVKWSPHRAATSYRLKLSPADGTRGQEITVRGSETSHCFTGLSPDTDYGVTVFVQTPNLEGPGVSVKEHTTVKPTEAPTEPPTPPPPPTIPPARDVCKGAKADIVFLTDASWSIGDDNFNKVVKFIFNTVGGFDEISPAGIQVSFVQYSDEVKSEFKLNTYNDKALALGALQNIRYRGGNTRTGKALTFIKEKVLTWESGMRKNVPKVLVVVTDGRSQDEVKKAALVIQQSGFSVFVVGVADVDYNELANIASKPSERHVFIVDDFESFEKIEDNLITFVCETATSSCPLIYLDGYTSPGFKMLEAYNLTEKNFASVQGVSLESGSFPSYSAYRIQKNAFVNQPTADLHPNGLPPSYTIILLFRLLPETPSDPFAIWQITDRDYKPQVGVIADPSSKTLSFFNKDTRGEVQTVTFDTEEVKTLFYGSFHKVHIVVTSKSVKIYIDCYEIIEKDIKEAGNITTDGYEILGKLLKGERKSAAFQIQSFDIVCSPVWTSRDRCCDIPSRRDEGKCPAFPNSCTCTQDSVGPPGPPGPAGGPGAKGPRGERGISGAIGPPGPRGDIGPPGPQGPPGPQGPNGLSIPGEQGRQGMKGDAGEPGLPGRTGTPGLPGPPGPMGPPGDRGFTGKDGAMGPRGPPGPPGSPGSPGVTGPSGKPGKPGDHGRPGPSGLKGEKGDRGDIASQNMMRAVARQVCEQLISGQMNRFNQMLNQIPNDYQSSRNQPGPPGPPGPPGSAGARGEPGPGGRPGFPGTPGMQGPPGERGLPGEKGERGTGSSGPRGLPGPPGPQGESRTGPPGSTGSRGPPGPPGRPGNSGIRGPPGPPGYCDSSQCASIPYNGQGYPGSG*
chr6:75151273:C/A:1	chr6	75151273	C|A	1	COL12A1	NM_080645	1303	coding	689	523	175	D>Y	nonsyn	None	MRSRLPPALAALGAALLLSSIEAEGMECLTRAEADIVLLVDGSWSIGRANFRTVRSFISRIVEVFDIGPKRVQIALAQYSGDPRTEWQLNAHRDKKSLLQAVANLPYKGGNTLTGMALNFIRQQNFRTQAGMRPRARKIGVLITDGKSQDDVEAPSKKLKDEGVELFAIGIKNADEVELKMIATDPDDTHAYNVADFESLSRIVDDLTINLCNSVKGPGDLEAPSNLVISERTHRSFRVSWTPPSDSVDRYKVEYYPVSGGKRQEFYVSRMETSTVLKDLKPETEYVVNVYSVVEDEYSEPLKGTEKTLPVPVVSLNIYDVGPTTMHVQWQPVGGATGYILSYKPVKDTEPTRPKEVRLGPTVNDMQLTDLVPNTEYAVTVQAVLHDLTSEPVTVREVTLPLPRPQDLKLRDVTHSTMNVFWEPVPGKVRKYIVRYKTPEEDVKEVEVDRSETSTSLKDLFSQTLYTVSVSAVHDEGESPPVTAQETTRPVPAPTNLKITEVTSEGFRGTWDHGASDVSLYRITWAPFGSSDKMETILNGDENTLVFENLNPNTIYEVSITAIYPDESESDDLIGSERTLPILTTQAPKSGPRNLQVYNATSNSLTVKWDPASGRVQKYRITYQPSTGEGNEQTTTIGGRQNSVVLQKLKPDTPYTITVSSLYPDGEGGRMTGRGKTKPLNTVRNLRVYDPSTSTLNVRWDHAEGNPRQYKLFYAPAAGGPEELVPIPGNTNYAILRNLQPDTSYTVTVVPVYTEGDGGRTSDTGRTLMRGLARNVQVYNPTPNSLDVRWDPAPGPVLQYRVVYSPVDGTRPSESIVVPGNTRMVHLERLIPDTLYSVNLVALYSDGEGNPSPAQGRTLPRSGPRNLRVFGETTNSLSVAWDHADGPVQQYRIIYSPTVGDPIDEYTTVPGRRNNVILQPLQPDTPYKITVIAVYEDGDGGHLTGNGRTVGLLPPQNIHISDEWYTRFRVSWDPSPSPVLGYKIVYKPVGSNEPMEAFVGEMTSYTLHNLNPSTTYDVNVYAQYDSGLSVPLTDQGTTLYLNVTDLKTYQIGWDTFCVKWSPHRAATSYRLKLSPADGTRGQEITVRGSETSHCFTGLSPDTDYGVTVFVQTPNLEGPGVSVKEHTTVKPTEAPTEPPTPPPPPTIPPARDVCKGAKADIVFLTDASWSIGDDNFNKVVKFIFNTVGGFDEISPAGIQVSFVQYSDEVKSEFKLNTYNDKALALGALQNIRYRGGNTRTGKALTFIKEKVLTWESGMRKNVPKVLVVVTDGRSQDEVKKAALVIQQSGFSVFVVGVADVDYNELANIASKPSERHVFIVDDFESFEKIEDNLITFVCETATSSCPLIYLDGYTSPGFKMLEAYNLTEKNFASVQGVSLESGSFPSYSAYRIQKNAFVNQPTADLHPNGLPPSYTIILLFRLLPETPSDPFAIWQITDRDYKPQVGVIADPSSKTLSFFNKDTRGEVQTVTFDTEEVKTLFYGSFHKVHIVVTSKSVKIYIDCYEIIEKDIKEAGNITTDGYEILGKLLKGERKSAAFQIQSFDIVCSPVWTSRDRCCDIPSRRDEGKCPAFPNSCTCTQDSVGPPGPPGPAGGPGAKGPRGERGISGAIGPPGPRGDIGPPGPQGPPGPQGPNGLSIPGEQGRQGMKGDAGEPGLPGRTGTPGLPGPPGPMGPPGDRGFTGKDGAMGPRGPPGPPGSPGSPGVTGPSGKPGKPGDHGRPGPSGLKGEKGDRGDIASQNMMRAVARQVCEQLISGQMNRFNQMLNQIPNDYQSSRNQPGPPGPPGPPGSAGARGEPGPGGRPGFPGTPGMQGPPGERGLPGEKGERGTGSSGPRGLPGPPGPQGESRTGPPGSTGSRGPPGPPGRPGNSGIRGPPGPPGYCDSSQCASIPYNGQGYPGSG*|MRSRLPPALAALGAALLLSSIEAEGMECLTRAEADIVLLVDGSWSIGRANFRTVRSFISRIVEVFDIGPKRVQIALAQYSGDPRTEWQLNAHRDKKSLLQAVANLPYKGGNTLTGMALNFIRQQNFRTQAGMRPRARKIGVLITDGKSQDDVEAPSKKLKDEGVELFAIGIKNAYEVELKMIATDPDDTHAYNVADFESLSRIVDDLTINLCNSVKGPGDLEAPSNLVISERTHRSFRVSWTPPSDSVDRYKVEYYPVSGGKRQEFYVSRMETSTVLKDLKPETEYVVNVYSVVEDEYSEPLKGTEKTLPVPVVSLNIYDVGPTTMHVQWQPVGGATGYILSYKPVKDTEPTRPKEVRLGPTVNDMQLTDLVPNTEYAVTVQAVLHDLTSEPVTVREVTLPLPRPQDLKLRDVTHSTMNVFWEPVPGKVRKYIVRYKTPEEDVKEVEVDRSETSTSLKDLFSQTLYTVSVSAVHDEGESPPVTAQETTRPVPAPTNLKITEVTSEGFRGTWDHGASDVSLYRITWAPFGSSDKMETILNGDENTLVFENLNPNTIYEVSITAIYPDESESDDLIGSERTLPILTTQAPKSGPRNLQVYNATSNSLTVKWDPASGRVQKYRITYQPSTGEGNEQTTTIGGRQNSVVLQKLKPDTPYTITVSSLYPDGEGGRMTGRGKTKPLNTVRNLRVYDPSTSTLNVRWDHAEGNPRQYKLFYAPAAGGPEELVPIPGNTNYAILRNLQPDTSYTVTVVPVYTEGDGGRTSDTGRTLMRGLARNVQVYNPTPNSLDVRWDPAPGPVLQYRVVYSPVDGTRPSESIVVPGNTRMVHLERLIPDTLYSVNLVALYSDGEGNPSPAQGRTLPRSGPRNLRVFGETTNSLSVAWDHADGPVQQYRIIYSPTVGDPIDEYTTVPGRRNNVILQPLQPDTPYKITVIAVYEDGDGGHLTGNGRTVGLLPPQNIHISDEWYTRFRVSWDPSPSPVLGYKIVYKPVGSNEPMEAFVGEMTSYTLHNLNPSTTYDVNVYAQYDSGLSVPLTDQGTTLYLNVTDLKTYQIGWDTFCVKWSPHRAATSYRLKLSPADGTRGQEITVRGSETSHCFTGLSPDTDYGVTVFVQTPNLEGPGVSVKEHTTVKPTEAPTEPPTPPPPPTIPPARDVCKGAKADIVFLTDASWSIGDDNFNKVVKFIFNTVGGFDEISPAGIQVSFVQYSDEVKSEFKLNTYNDKALALGALQNIRYRGGNTRTGKALTFIKEKVLTWESGMRKNVPKVLVVVTDGRSQDEVKKAALVIQQSGFSVFVVGVADVDYNELANIASKPSERHVFIVDDFESFEKIEDNLITFVCETATSSCPLIYLDGYTSPGFKMLEAYNLTEKNFASVQGVSLESGSFPSYSAYRIQKNAFVNQPTADLHPNGLPPSYTIILLFRLLPETPSDPFAIWQITDRDYKPQVGVIADPSSKTLSFFNKDTRGEVQTVTFDTEEVKTLFYGSFHKVHIVVTSKSVKIYIDCYEIIEKDIKEAGNITTDGYEILGKLLKGERKSAAFQIQSFDIVCSPVWTSRDRCCDIPSRRDEGKCPAFPNSCTCTQDSVGPPGPPGPAGGPGAKGPRGERGISGAIGPPGPRGDIGPPGPQGPPGPQGPNGLSIPGEQGRQGMKGDAGEPGLPGRTGTPGLPGPPGPMGPPGDRGFTGKDGAMGPRGPPGPPGSPGSPGVTGPSGKPGKPGDHGRPGPSGLKGEKGDRGDIASQNMMRAVARQVCEQLISGQMNRFNQMLNQIPNDYQSSRNQPGPPGPPGPPGSAGARGEPGPGGRPGFPGTPGMQGPPGERGLPGEKGERGTGSSGPRGLPGPPGPQGESRTGPPGSTGSRGPPGPPGRPGNSGIRGPPGPPGYCDSSQCASIPYNGQGYPGSG*
chr6:75415125:C/T:1	chr6	75415125	C|T	1	FILIP1	NM_001289987	27145	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	147	None
chr6:75415125:C/T:1	chr6	75415125	C|T	1	FILIP1	NM_001300866	27145	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	147	None
chr6:75415125:C/T:1	chr6	75415125	C|T	1	FILIP1	NM_015687	27145	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	147	None
chr6:75415125:C/T:1	chr6	75415125	C|T	1	LOC101928540	NR_125859	101928540	non-coding	137	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:99394018:G/T:1	chr6	99394018	G|T	1	COQ3	NM_017421	51805	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr6:106513102:A/G:1	chr6	106513102	A|G	1	CRYBG1	NM_001624	202	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	63	None
chr6:107069320:C/A:1	chr6	107069320	C|A	1	BEND3	NM_001080450	57673	coding	2521	1871	624	R>L	nonsyn	None	MNSTEFTEDVEEVLKSITVKVETEAEDAALDCSVNSRTSEKHSVDSVLTALQDSSKRKQLVSDGLLDSVPGVKRRRLIPEALLAGMRNRENSSPCQGNGEQAGRGRSLGNVWPGEEEPCNDATTPSYKKPLYGISHKIMEKKNPPSGDLLNVYELFEKANASNSPSSLRLLNEPQKRDCGSTGAGTDNDPNIYFLIQKMFYMLNTLTSNMSQLHSKVDLLSLEVSRIKKQVSPTEMVAKFQPPPEYQLTAAELKQIVDQSLSGGDLACRLLVQLFPELFSDVDFSRGCSACGFAAKRKLESLHLQLIRNYVEVYYPSVKDTAVWQAECLPQLNDFFSRFWAQREMEDSQPSGQVASFFEAEQVDPGHFLDNKDQEEALSLDRSSTIASDHVVDTQDLTEFLDEASSPGEFAVFLLHRLFPELFDHRKLGEQYSCYGDGGKQELDPQRLQIIRNYTEIYFPDMQEEEAWLQQCAQRINDELEGLGLDAGSEGDPPRDDCYDSSSLPDDISVVKVEDSFEGERPGRRSKKIWLVPIDFDKLEIPQPDFEVPGADCLLSKEQLRSIYESSLSIGNFASRLLVHLFPELFTHENLRKQYNCSGSLGKKQLDPSRIKLIRHYVQLLYPRAKNDRVWTLEFVGKLDERCRRRDTEQRRSYQQQRKVHVPGPECRDLTSYAINPERFREEFEGPPLPPERSSKDFCKIPLDELVVPSPDFPVPSPYLLSDKEVREIVQQSLSVGNFAARLLVRLFPELFTAENLRLQYNHSGACNKKQLDPTRLRLIRHYVEAVYPVEKMEEVWHYECIPSIDERCRRPNRKKCDILKKAKKVEK*|MNSTEFTEDVEEVLKSITVKVETEAEDAALDCSVNSRTSEKHSVDSVLTALQDSSKRKQLVSDGLLDSVPGVKRRRLIPEALLAGMRNRENSSPCQGNGEQAGRGRSLGNVWPGEEEPCNDATTPSYKKPLYGISHKIMEKKNPPSGDLLNVYELFEKANASNSPSSLRLLNEPQKRDCGSTGAGTDNDPNIYFLIQKMFYMLNTLTSNMSQLHSKVDLLSLEVSRIKKQVSPTEMVAKFQPPPEYQLTAAELKQIVDQSLSGGDLACRLLVQLFPELFSDVDFSRGCSACGFAAKRKLESLHLQLIRNYVEVYYPSVKDTAVWQAECLPQLNDFFSRFWAQREMEDSQPSGQVASFFEAEQVDPGHFLDNKDQEEALSLDRSSTIASDHVVDTQDLTEFLDEASSPGEFAVFLLHRLFPELFDHRKLGEQYSCYGDGGKQELDPQRLQIIRNYTEIYFPDMQEEEAWLQQCAQRINDELEGLGLDAGSEGDPPRDDCYDSSSLPDDISVVKVEDSFEGERPGRRSKKIWLVPIDFDKLEIPQPDFEVPGADCLLSKEQLRSIYESSLSIGNFASRLLVHLFPELFTHENLRKQYNCSGSLGKKQLDPSRIKLIRHYVQLLYPLAKNDRVWTLEFVGKLDERCRRRDTEQRRSYQQQRKVHVPGPECRDLTSYAINPERFREEFEGPPLPPERSSKDFCKIPLDELVVPSPDFPVPSPYLLSDKEVREIVQQSLSVGNFAARLLVRLFPELFTAENLRLQYNHSGACNKKQLDPTRLRLIRHYVEAVYPVEKMEEVWHYECIPSIDERCRRPNRKKCDILKKAKKVEK*
chr6:107069320:C/A:1	chr6	107069320	C|A	1	BEND3	NM_001367314	57673	coding	2308	1871	624	R>L	nonsyn	None	MNSTEFTEDVEEVLKSITVKVETEAEDAALDCSVNSRTSEKHSVDSVLTALQDSSKRKQLVSDGLLDSVPGVKRRRLIPEALLAGMRNRENSSPCQGNGEQAGRGRSLGNVWPGEEEPCNDATTPSYKKPLYGISHKIMEKKNPPSGDLLNVYELFEKANASNSPSSLRLLNEPQKRDCGSTGAGTDNDPNIYFLIQKMFYMLNTLTSNMSQLHSKVDLLSLEVSRIKKQVSPTEMVAKFQPPPEYQLTAAELKQIVDQSLSGGDLACRLLVQLFPELFSDVDFSRGCSACGFAAKRKLESLHLQLIRNYVEVYYPSVKDTAVWQAECLPQLNDFFSRFWAQREMEDSQPSGQVASFFEAEQVDPGHFLDNKDQEEALSLDRSSTIASDHVVDTQDLTEFLDEASSPGEFAVFLLHRLFPELFDHRKLGEQYSCYGDGGKQELDPQRLQIIRNYTEIYFPDMQEEEAWLQQCAQRINDELEGLGLDAGSEGDPPRDDCYDSSSLPDDISVVKVEDSFEGERPGRRSKKIWLVPIDFDKLEIPQPDFEVPGADCLLSKEQLRSIYESSLSIGNFASRLLVHLFPELFTHENLRKQYNCSGSLGKKQLDPSRIKLIRHYVQLLYPRAKNDRVWTLEFVGKLDERCRRRDTEQRRSYQQQRKVHVPGPECRDLTSYAINPERFREEFEGPPLPPERSSKDFCKIPLDELVVPSPDFPVPSPYLLSDKEVREIVQQSLSVGNFAARLLVRLFPELFTAENLRLQYNHSGACNKKQLDPTRLRLIRHYVEAVYPVEKMEEVWHYECIPSIDERCRRPNRKKCDILKKAKKVEK*|MNSTEFTEDVEEVLKSITVKVETEAEDAALDCSVNSRTSEKHSVDSVLTALQDSSKRKQLVSDGLLDSVPGVKRRRLIPEALLAGMRNRENSSPCQGNGEQAGRGRSLGNVWPGEEEPCNDATTPSYKKPLYGISHKIMEKKNPPSGDLLNVYELFEKANASNSPSSLRLLNEPQKRDCGSTGAGTDNDPNIYFLIQKMFYMLNTLTSNMSQLHSKVDLLSLEVSRIKKQVSPTEMVAKFQPPPEYQLTAAELKQIVDQSLSGGDLACRLLVQLFPELFSDVDFSRGCSACGFAAKRKLESLHLQLIRNYVEVYYPSVKDTAVWQAECLPQLNDFFSRFWAQREMEDSQPSGQVASFFEAEQVDPGHFLDNKDQEEALSLDRSSTIASDHVVDTQDLTEFLDEASSPGEFAVFLLHRLFPELFDHRKLGEQYSCYGDGGKQELDPQRLQIIRNYTEIYFPDMQEEEAWLQQCAQRINDELEGLGLDAGSEGDPPRDDCYDSSSLPDDISVVKVEDSFEGERPGRRSKKIWLVPIDFDKLEIPQPDFEVPGADCLLSKEQLRSIYESSLSIGNFASRLLVHLFPELFTHENLRKQYNCSGSLGKKQLDPSRIKLIRHYVQLLYPLAKNDRVWTLEFVGKLDERCRRRDTEQRRSYQQQRKVHVPGPECRDLTSYAINPERFREEFEGPPLPPERSSKDFCKIPLDELVVPSPDFPVPSPYLLSDKEVREIVQQSLSVGNFAARLLVRLFPELFTAENLRLQYNHSGACNKKQLDPTRLRLIRHYVEAVYPVEKMEEVWHYECIPSIDERCRRPNRKKCDILKKAKKVEK*
chr6:108356673:A/T:1	chr6	108356673	A|T	1	AFG1L	NR_136553	246269	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr6:108356673:A/T:1	chr6	108356673	A|T	1	AFG1L	NM_001323005	246269	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr6:108356673:A/T:1	chr6	108356673	A|T	1	AFG1L	NM_145315	246269	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr6:111559625:C/A:1	chr6	111559625	C|A	1	TRAF3IP2-AS1	NR_034108	643749	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14996	None
chr6:111559625:C/A:1	chr6	111559625	C|A	1	TRAF3IP2-AS1	NR_034110	643749	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14996	None
chr6:111559625:C/A:1	chr6	111559625	C|A	1	TRAF3IP2-AS1	NR_034109	643749	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	38213	None
chr6:111559625:C/A:1	chr6	111559625	C|A	1	TRAF3IP2	NM_001164281	10758	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	74	None
chr6:111559625:C/A:1	chr6	111559625	C|A	1	TRAF3IP2	NM_001164283	10758	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	74	None
chr6:111559625:C/A:1	chr6	111559625	C|A	1	TRAF3IP2	NM_147200	10758	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	74	None
chr6:111559625:C/A:1	chr6	111559625	C|A	1	TRAF3IP2	NM_147686	10758	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	74	None
chr6:129629283:A/T:1	chr6	129629283	A|T	1	ARHGAP18	NM_033515	93663	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	70	None
chr6:130078500:A/T:1	chr6	130078500	A|T	1	L3MBTL3	NM_001007102	84456	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58	None
chr6:130078500:A/T:1	chr6	130078500	A|T	1	L3MBTL3	NM_001346550	84456	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58	None
chr6:130078500:A/T:1	chr6	130078500	A|T	1	L3MBTL3	NM_001346551	84456	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58	None
chr6:130078500:A/T:1	chr6	130078500	A|T	1	L3MBTL3	NM_032438	84456	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58	None
chr6:131864504:A/T:1	chr6	131864504	A|T	1	ENPP1	NM_006208	5167	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	2	None
chr6:136900399:T/G:1	chr6	136900399	T|G	1	PEX7	NM_000288	5191	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2158	None
chr6:143777479:C/A:1	chr6	143777479	C|A	1	PHACTR2	NM_001100164	9749	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	96	None
chr6:143777479:C/A:1	chr6	143777479	C|A	1	PHACTR2	NM_001100165	9749	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	96	None
chr6:143777479:C/A:1	chr6	143777479	C|A	1	PHACTR2	NM_001100166	9749	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	96	None
chr6:143777479:C/A:1	chr6	143777479	C|A	1	PHACTR2	NM_014721	9749	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	96	None
chr6:152391212:G/T:1	chr6	152391212	G|T	1	SYNE1	NM_033071	23345	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65	None
chr6:152391212:G/T:1	chr6	152391212	G|T	1	SYNE1	NM_182961	23345	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	65	None
chr6:154820128:A/T:1	chr6	154820128	A|T	1	SCAF8	NM_001286188	22828	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49	None
chr6:154820128:A/T:1	chr6	154820128	A|T	1	SCAF8	NM_001286189	22828	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49	None
chr6:154820128:A/T:1	chr6	154820128	A|T	1	SCAF8	NM_001286194	22828	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49	None
chr6:154820128:A/T:1	chr6	154820128	A|T	1	SCAF8	NM_001286199	22828	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49	None
chr6:154820128:A/T:1	chr6	154820128	A|T	1	SCAF8	NM_014892	22828	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49	None
chr6:156829096:A/G:1	chr6	156829096	A|G	1	ARID1B	NM_001346813	57492	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	131	None
chr6:156829096:A/G:1	chr6	156829096	A|G	1	ARID1B	NM_017519	57492	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	131	None
chr6:156829096:A/G:1	chr6	156829096	A|G	1	ARID1B	NM_020732	57492	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	131	None
chr6:157039620:T/A:1	chr6	157039620	T|A	1	ARID1B	NM_001346813	57492	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45042	None
chr6:157039620:T/A:1	chr6	157039620	T|A	1	ARID1B	NM_017519	57492	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45042	None
chr6:157039620:T/A:1	chr6	157039620	T|A	1	ARID1B	NM_020732	57492	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45042	None
chr6:157039620:T/A:1	chr6	157039620	T|A	1	ARID1B	NM_001363725	57492	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2744	None
chr6:158611522:G/A:1	chr6	158611522	G|A	1	TMEM181	NM_020823	57583	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2772	None
chr6:158611522:G/A:1	chr6	158611522	G|A	1	MIR7161	NR_106981	102465694	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:159684794:A/T:1	chr6	159684794	A|T	1	SOD2	NM_000636	6648	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chr6:159684794:A/T:1	chr6	159684794	A|T	1	SOD2	NM_001024465	6648	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chr6:159684794:A/T:1	chr6	159684794	A|T	1	SOD2	NM_001024466	6648	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chr6:159684794:A/T:1	chr6	159684794	A|T	1	SOD2	NM_001322814	6648	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chr6:159684794:A/T:1	chr6	159684794	A|T	1	SOD2	NM_001322817	6648	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chr6:159684794:A/T:1	chr6	159684794	A|T	1	SOD2	NM_001322819	6648	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chr6:159684794:A/T:1	chr6	159684794	A|T	1	SOD2	NM_001322820	6648	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chr6:159684794:A/T:1	chr6	159684794	A|T	1	SOD2	NM_001322815	6648	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2156	None
chr6:160535531:T/C:1	chr6	160535531	T|C	1	LPA	NM_005577	4018	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2324	None
chr6:161549199:T/A:1	chr6	161549199	T|A	1	PRKN	NM_004562	5071	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	196	None
chr6:161549199:T/A:1	chr6	161549199	T|A	1	PRKN	NM_013987	5071	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	196	None
chr6:161549199:T/A:1	chr6	161549199	T|A	1	PRKN	NM_013988	5071	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	196	None
chr6:168040119:C/A:1	chr6	168040119	C|A	1	KIF25	NM_005355	3834	coding	811	549	183	L>L	syn	None	MTWTSGQLQREKQARPGSGAVLAFPDDKDLRVYGPAESQSAVFGDVCPLLTSLLDGYNVCVMAYGQTGSGKSYTMLGRHSDDGPVLPLDPQSDLGIIPRVAEELFRLILENTSRSPKVEVSIVEVYNNDIFDLLAKDSIAAVSGVKREVVTAKDGRTEVALLASEAVGSASKLMELVHGGLQLRAKHPTLVHADSSRSHLIITVTLTTASCSDSTADQACSATLPREQTEAGRAGRSRRASQGALAPQLVPGNPAGHAEQVQARLQLVDSAGSECVGGDAKLLVILCISPSQRHLAQTLQGLGFGIRARQVQRGPARKKPPSSQTEGKRRPD*
chr6:168040119:C/A:1	chr6	168040119	C|A	1	KIF25	NM_030615	3834	coding	811	549	183	L>L	syn	None	MTWTSGQLQREKQARPGSGAVLAFPDDKDLRVYGPAESQSAVFGDVCPLLTSLLDGYNVCVMAYGQTGSGKSYTMLGRHSDDGPVLPLDPQSDLGIIPRVAEELFRLILENTSRSPKVEVSIVEVYNNDIFDLLAKDSIAAVSGVKREVVTAKDGRTEVALLASEAVGSASKLMELVHGGLQLRAKHPTLVHADSSRSHLIITVTLTTASCSDSTADQACSATLPREQTEAGRAGRSRRASQGALAPQLVPGNPAGHAEQVQARLQLVDSAGSECVGVSGVTGLALREMACISRSLAALAGVLGALLEHRGHAPYRNSRLTHLLQDCLGGDAKLLVILCISPSQRHLAQTLQGLGFGIRARQVQRGPARKKPPSSQTEGKRRPD*
chr6:168078888:G/A:1	chr6	168078888	G|A	1	FRMD1	NR_110312	79981	non-coding	352	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr6:168078888:G/A:1	chr6	168078888	G|A	1	FRMD1	NM_024919	79981	coding	272	207	69	A>A	syn	None	MAVPPRGRGIDPARTNPDTFPPSGARCMEPSPERPACSQQEPTLGMDAMASEHRDVLVLLPSREQLRLAVGVKATGRELFQQVCNVASIRDAQFFGLCVVRNNEYIFMDLEQKLSKYFSKDWKKERNEGNEKPRAPFVAFLRVQHYVENGRVISDHRARHLYYCHLKERVLRSQCAHREEAYFLLAACALQADLGEHRESAHAGRYFEPHSYFPQWIITKRGIDYILRHMPTLHRERQGLSPKEAMLCFIQEACRLEDVPVHFFRLHKDKKEGRPTVILGLALRGVHIYQGKKLEIQLDGLPAAQKLVYYTGCTWRSRHLLHLLRASHQLHLRVRPTLQQLRQREEAEEKQHYRESYISDELELDLASRSFPGSGVSSQHCPHCLSRHSADSHGSSYTSGIKANSWLRESREMSVDVPLEVHGLHEKEPSSSPRTSRSHPSTRGDSQATRQEPCTQVRTRGQSAEAVHQIQEMTAGVSEEQHSHGLDDMQLHQLALHPAPTSLSHTFHRALDCRLAGPCETRATLPSKRSSNCLALDLFGEAPPQEFVV*
chr6:169583048:G/T:1	chr6	169583048	G|T	1	WDR27	NM_001202550	253769	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	114	None
chr6:169583048:G/T:1	chr6	169583048	G|T	1	WDR27	NM_001350623	253769	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	114	None
chr6:169583048:G/T:1	chr6	169583048	G|T	1	WDR27	NM_182552	253769	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	114	None
chr6:169583048:G/T:1	chr6	169583048	G|T	1	WDR27	NR_146875	253769	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	114	None
chr7:2607089:A/G:1	chr7	2607089	A|G	1	IQCE	NM_001287499	23288	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chr7:2607089:A/G:1	chr7	2607089	A|G	1	IQCE	NM_001287500	23288	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chr7:2607089:A/G:1	chr7	2607089	A|G	1	IQCE	NM_001287501	23288	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chr7:2607089:A/G:1	chr7	2607089	A|G	1	IQCE	NM_001287502	23288	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chr7:2607089:A/G:1	chr7	2607089	A|G	1	IQCE	NM_152558	23288	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chr7:2762539:T/C:1	chr7	2762539	T|C	1	AMZ1	NM_001321766	155185	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2173	None
chr7:2762539:T/C:1	chr7	2762539	T|C	1	GNA12	NM_001293092	2768	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	30789	None
chr7:2762539:T/C:1	chr7	2762539	T|C	1	GNA12	NM_001282440	2768	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	53	None
chr7:2762539:T/C:1	chr7	2762539	T|C	1	GNA12	NM_001282441	2768	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29038	None
chr7:2762539:T/C:1	chr7	2762539	T|C	1	GNA12	NM_007353	2768	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	29038	None
chr7:2924035:T/C:1	chr7	2924035	T|C	1	CARD11	NM_001324281	84433	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	198	None
chr7:2924035:T/C:1	chr7	2924035	T|C	1	CARD11	NM_032415	84433	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	198	None
chr7:6150119:C/T:1	chr7	6150119	C|T	1	USP42	NM_001365764	84132	coding	2016	1923	641	A>A	syn	None	MTIVDKASESSDPSAYQNQPGSSEAVSPGDMDAGSASWGAVSSLNDVSNHTLSLGPVPGAVVYSSSSVPDKSKPSPQKDQALGDGIAPPQKVLFPSEKICLKWQQTHRVGAGLQNLGNTCFANAALQCLTYTPPLANYMLSHEHSKTCHAEGFCMMCTMQAHITQALSNPGDVIKPMFVINEMRRIARHFRFGNQEDAHEFLQYTVDAMQKACLNGSNKLDRHTQATTLVCQIFGGYLRSRVKCLNCKGVSDTFDPYLDITLEIKAAQSVNKALEQFVKPEQLDGENSYKCSKCKKMVPASKRFTIHRSSNVLTLSLKRFANFTGGKIAKDVKYPEYLDIRPYMSQPNGEPIVYVLYAVLVHTGFNCHAGHYFCYIKASNGLWYQMNDSIVSTSDIRSVLSQQAYVLFYIRSHDVKNGGELTHPTHSPGQSSPRPVISQRVVTNKQAAPGFIGPQLPSHMIKNPPHLNGTGPLKDTPSSSMSSPNGNSSVNRASPVNASASVQNWSVNRSSVIPEHPKKQKITISIHNKLPVRQCQSQPNLHSNSLENPTKPVPSSTITNSAVQSTSNASTMSVSSKVTKPIPRSESCSQPVMNGKSKLNSSVLVPYGAESSEDSDEESKGLGKENGIGTIVSSHSPGQDAEDEEATPHELQEPMTLNGANSADSDSDPKENGLAPDGASCQGQPALHSENPFAKANGLPGKLMPAPLLSLPEDKILETFRLSNKLKGSTDEMSAPGAERGPPEDRDAEPQPGSPAAESLEEPDAAAGLSSTKKAPPPRDPGTPATKEGAWEAMAVAPEEPPPSAGEDIVGDTAPPDLCDPGSLTGDASPLSQDAKGMIAEGPRDSALAEAPEGLSPAPPARSEEPCEQPLLVHPSGDHARDAQDPSQSLGAPEAAERPPAPVLDMAPAGHPEGDAEPSPGERVEDAAAPKAPGPSPAKEKIGSLRKVDRGHYRSRRERSSSGEPARESRSKTEGHRHRRRRTCPRERDRQDRHAPEHHPGHGDRLSPGERRSLGRCSHHHSRHRSGVELDWVRHHYTEGERGWGREKFYPDRPRWDRCRYYHDRYALYAARDWKPFHGGREHERAGLHERPHKDHNRGRRGCEPARERERHRPSSPRAGAPHALAPHPDRFSHDRTALVAGDNCNLSDRFHEHENGKSRKRRHDSVENSDSHVEKKARRSEQKDPLEEPKAKKHKKSKKKKKSKDKHRDRDSRHQQDSDLSAACSDADLHRHKKKKKKKKRHSRKSEDFVKDSELHLPRVTSLETVAQFRRAQGGFPLSGGPPLEGVGPFREKTKHLRMESRDDRCRLFEYGQGKRRYLELGR*
chr7:6150119:C/T:1	chr7	6150119	C|T	1	USP42	NM_032172	84132	coding	2046	1923	641	A>A	syn	None	MTIVDKASESSDPSAYQNQPGSSEAVSPGDMDAGSASWGAVSSLNDVSNHTLSLGPVPGAVVYSSSSVPDKSKPSPQKDQALGDGIAPPQKVLFPSEKICLKWQQTHRVGAGLQNLGNTCFANAALQCLTYTPPLANYMLSHEHSKTCHAEGFCMMCTMQAHITQALSNPGDVIKPMFVINEMRRIARHFRFGNQEDAHEFLQYTVDAMQKACLNGSNKLDRHTQATTLVCQIFGGYLRSRVKCLNCKGVSDTFDPYLDITLEIKAAQSVNKALEQFVKPEQLDGENSYKCSKCKKMVPASKRFTIHRSSNVLTLSLKRFANFTGGKIAKDVKYPEYLDIRPYMSQPNGEPIVYVLYAVLVHTGFNCHAGHYFCYIKASNGLWYQMNDSIVSTSDIRSVLSQQAYVLFYIRSHDVKNGGELTHPTHSPGQSSPRPVISQRVVTNKQAAPGFIGPQLPSHMIKNPPHLNGTGPLKDTPSSSMSSPNGNSSVNRASPVNASASVQNWSVNRSSVIPEHPKKQKITISIHNKLPVRQCQSQPNLHSNSLENPTKPVPSSTITNSAVQSTSNASTMSVSSKVTKPIPRSESCSQPVMNGKSKLNSSVLVPYGAESSEDSDEESKGLGKENGIGTIVSSHSPGQDAEDEEATPHELQEPMTLNGANSADSDSDPKENGLAPDGASCQGQPALHSENPFAKANGLPGKLMPAPLLSLPEDKILETFRLSNKLKGSTDEMSAPGAERGPPEDRDAEPQPGSPAAESLEEPDAAAGLSSTKKAPPPRDPGTPATKEGAWEAMAVAPEEPPPSAGEDIVGDTAPPDLCDPGSLTGDASPLSQDAKGMIAEGPRDSALAEAPEGLSPAPPARSEEPCEQPLLVHPSGDHARDAQDPSQSLGAPEAAERPPAPVLDMAPAGHPEGDAEPSPGERVEDAAAPKAPGPSPAKEKIGSLRKVDRGHYRSRRERSSSGEPARESRSKTEGHRHRRRRTCPRERDRQDRHAPEHHPGHGDRLSPGERRSLGRCSHHHSRHRSGVELDWVRHHYTEGERGWGREKFYPDRPRWDRCRYYHDRYALYAARDWKPFHGGREHERAGLHERPHKDHNRGRRGCEPARERERHRPSSPRAGAPHALAPHPDRFSHDRTALVAGDNCNLSDRFHEHENGKSRKRRHDSVENSDSHVEKKARRSEQKDPLEEPKAKKHKKSKKKKKSKDKHRDRDSRHQQDSDLSAACSDADLHRHKKKKKKKKRHSRKSEDFVKDSELHLPRVTSLETVAQFRRAQGGFPLSGGPPLEGVGPFREKTKHLRMESRDDRCRLFEYGQGD*
chr7:6150149:T/C:1	chr7	6150149	T|C	1	USP42	NM_001365764	84132	coding	2046	1953	651	L>L	syn	None	MTIVDKASESSDPSAYQNQPGSSEAVSPGDMDAGSASWGAVSSLNDVSNHTLSLGPVPGAVVYSSSSVPDKSKPSPQKDQALGDGIAPPQKVLFPSEKICLKWQQTHRVGAGLQNLGNTCFANAALQCLTYTPPLANYMLSHEHSKTCHAEGFCMMCTMQAHITQALSNPGDVIKPMFVINEMRRIARHFRFGNQEDAHEFLQYTVDAMQKACLNGSNKLDRHTQATTLVCQIFGGYLRSRVKCLNCKGVSDTFDPYLDITLEIKAAQSVNKALEQFVKPEQLDGENSYKCSKCKKMVPASKRFTIHRSSNVLTLSLKRFANFTGGKIAKDVKYPEYLDIRPYMSQPNGEPIVYVLYAVLVHTGFNCHAGHYFCYIKASNGLWYQMNDSIVSTSDIRSVLSQQAYVLFYIRSHDVKNGGELTHPTHSPGQSSPRPVISQRVVTNKQAAPGFIGPQLPSHMIKNPPHLNGTGPLKDTPSSSMSSPNGNSSVNRASPVNASASVQNWSVNRSSVIPEHPKKQKITISIHNKLPVRQCQSQPNLHSNSLENPTKPVPSSTITNSAVQSTSNASTMSVSSKVTKPIPRSESCSQPVMNGKSKLNSSVLVPYGAESSEDSDEESKGLGKENGIGTIVSSHSPGQDAEDEEATPHELQEPMTLNGANSADSDSDPKENGLAPDGASCQGQPALHSENPFAKANGLPGKLMPAPLLSLPEDKILETFRLSNKLKGSTDEMSAPGAERGPPEDRDAEPQPGSPAAESLEEPDAAAGLSSTKKAPPPRDPGTPATKEGAWEAMAVAPEEPPPSAGEDIVGDTAPPDLCDPGSLTGDASPLSQDAKGMIAEGPRDSALAEAPEGLSPAPPARSEEPCEQPLLVHPSGDHARDAQDPSQSLGAPEAAERPPAPVLDMAPAGHPEGDAEPSPGERVEDAAAPKAPGPSPAKEKIGSLRKVDRGHYRSRRERSSSGEPARESRSKTEGHRHRRRRTCPRERDRQDRHAPEHHPGHGDRLSPGERRSLGRCSHHHSRHRSGVELDWVRHHYTEGERGWGREKFYPDRPRWDRCRYYHDRYALYAARDWKPFHGGREHERAGLHERPHKDHNRGRRGCEPARERERHRPSSPRAGAPHALAPHPDRFSHDRTALVAGDNCNLSDRFHEHENGKSRKRRHDSVENSDSHVEKKARRSEQKDPLEEPKAKKHKKSKKKKKSKDKHRDRDSRHQQDSDLSAACSDADLHRHKKKKKKKKRHSRKSEDFVKDSELHLPRVTSLETVAQFRRAQGGFPLSGGPPLEGVGPFREKTKHLRMESRDDRCRLFEYGQGKRRYLELGR*
chr7:6150149:T/C:1	chr7	6150149	T|C	1	USP42	NM_032172	84132	coding	2076	1953	651	L>L	syn	None	MTIVDKASESSDPSAYQNQPGSSEAVSPGDMDAGSASWGAVSSLNDVSNHTLSLGPVPGAVVYSSSSVPDKSKPSPQKDQALGDGIAPPQKVLFPSEKICLKWQQTHRVGAGLQNLGNTCFANAALQCLTYTPPLANYMLSHEHSKTCHAEGFCMMCTMQAHITQALSNPGDVIKPMFVINEMRRIARHFRFGNQEDAHEFLQYTVDAMQKACLNGSNKLDRHTQATTLVCQIFGGYLRSRVKCLNCKGVSDTFDPYLDITLEIKAAQSVNKALEQFVKPEQLDGENSYKCSKCKKMVPASKRFTIHRSSNVLTLSLKRFANFTGGKIAKDVKYPEYLDIRPYMSQPNGEPIVYVLYAVLVHTGFNCHAGHYFCYIKASNGLWYQMNDSIVSTSDIRSVLSQQAYVLFYIRSHDVKNGGELTHPTHSPGQSSPRPVISQRVVTNKQAAPGFIGPQLPSHMIKNPPHLNGTGPLKDTPSSSMSSPNGNSSVNRASPVNASASVQNWSVNRSSVIPEHPKKQKITISIHNKLPVRQCQSQPNLHSNSLENPTKPVPSSTITNSAVQSTSNASTMSVSSKVTKPIPRSESCSQPVMNGKSKLNSSVLVPYGAESSEDSDEESKGLGKENGIGTIVSSHSPGQDAEDEEATPHELQEPMTLNGANSADSDSDPKENGLAPDGASCQGQPALHSENPFAKANGLPGKLMPAPLLSLPEDKILETFRLSNKLKGSTDEMSAPGAERGPPEDRDAEPQPGSPAAESLEEPDAAAGLSSTKKAPPPRDPGTPATKEGAWEAMAVAPEEPPPSAGEDIVGDTAPPDLCDPGSLTGDASPLSQDAKGMIAEGPRDSALAEAPEGLSPAPPARSEEPCEQPLLVHPSGDHARDAQDPSQSLGAPEAAERPPAPVLDMAPAGHPEGDAEPSPGERVEDAAAPKAPGPSPAKEKIGSLRKVDRGHYRSRRERSSSGEPARESRSKTEGHRHRRRRTCPRERDRQDRHAPEHHPGHGDRLSPGERRSLGRCSHHHSRHRSGVELDWVRHHYTEGERGWGREKFYPDRPRWDRCRYYHDRYALYAARDWKPFHGGREHERAGLHERPHKDHNRGRRGCEPARERERHRPSSPRAGAPHALAPHPDRFSHDRTALVAGDNCNLSDRFHEHENGKSRKRRHDSVENSDSHVEKKARRSEQKDPLEEPKAKKHKKSKKKKKSKDKHRDRDSRHQQDSDLSAACSDADLHRHKKKKKKKKRHSRKSEDFVKDSELHLPRVTSLETVAQFRRAQGGFPLSGGPPLEGVGPFREKTKHLRMESRDDRCRLFEYGQGD*
chr7:21702763:A/G:1	chr7	21702763	A|G	1	DNAH11	NM_001277115	8701	coding	6441	6234	2078	G>G	syn	None	MAAQVAAREARDFREAPTLRLTSGAGLEAVGAVELEEEEENEEEAAARRARSFAQDARVRFLGGRLAMMLGFTEEKWSQYLESEDNRQVLGEFLESTSPACLVFSFAASGRLAASQEIPRDANHKLVFISKKITESIGVNDFSQVVLFGELPALSLGHVSAFLDEILVPVLSNKNNHKSWSCFTSQDMEYHIEVMKKKMYIFRGKMSRRTLLPIPTVAGKMDLDQNCSENKPPSNERIILHAIESVVIEWSHQIQEIIERDSVQRLLNGLHLSPQAELDFWMMRRENLSCIYDQLQAPVVLKMVKILTTKQSSYFPTLKDIFLAVENALLEAQDVELYLRPLRRHIQCLQETEFPQTRILIAPLFHTICLIWSHSKFYNTPARVIVLLQEFCNLFINQATAYLSPEDLLRGEIEESLEKVQVAVNILKTFKNSFFNYRKKLASYFMGRKLRPWDFQSHLVFCRFDKFLDRLIKIEDIFATTLEFEKLERLEFGGTKGAILNGQVHEMSEELMELCKLFKQSTYDPSDCTNMEFESDYVAFKSKTLEFDRRLGTIICEAFFNCNGLEAAFKLLTIFGNFLEKPVVMEIFSLHYSTLVHMFNTELDVCKQLYNEHMKQIECGHVVLNKNMPFTSGNMKWAQQVLQRLQMFWSNFASLRYLFLGNPDHALVYQKYVEMTTLLDQFESRIYNEWKSNVDEICEFNLNQPLVKFSAINGLLCVNFDPKLVAVLREVKYLLMLKKQDIPDSALAIFKKRNTILKYIGNLDLLVQGYNKLKQTLLEVEYPLIEDELRAIDEQLTAATTWLTWQDDCWGYIERVRAATSELEHRVERTQKNVKVIQQTMRGWARCVLPPRREHRREAAFTLEDKGDLFTKKYKLIQGDGCKIHNLVEENRKLFKANPSLDTWKIYVEFIDDIVVEGFFQAIMHDLDFFLKNTEKQLKPAPFFQAQMILLPPEIVFKPSLDREAGDGFYDLVEEMLCNSFRMSAQMNRIATHLEIKNYQNDMDNMLGLAEVRQEIMNRVVNVINKVLDFRNTLETHTYLWVDDRAEFMKHFLLYGHAVSSDEMDAHANEEIPEQPPTLEQFKEQIDIYEALYVQMSKFEDFRVFDSWFKVDMKPFKVSLLTIIKKWSWMFQEHLLRFVIDSLNELQEFIKETDSGLQRELNEGDHDGLVDIMVHLLAVRSRQRATDELFEPLKETITLLESYGQKMPEQVYIQLEELPERWETTKKIAATVRHEVSPLHNAEVTLIRKKCILFDAKQAEFRERFRHYAPLGFNAENPYTALDKANEELEALEEEMLQMQESTRLFEVALPEYKQMKQCRKEIKLLKGLWDVIIYVRRSIDNWTKTQWRQIHVEQMDVELRRFAKEIWSLNKEVRVWDAYTGLEGTVKDMTASLRAITELQSPALRDRHWHQLMKAIGVKFLINEATTLADLLALRLHRVEDDVRRIVDKAVKELGTEKVITEISQTWATMKFSYEVHYRTGIPLLKSDEQLFETLEHNQVQLQTLLQSKYVEYFIEQVLSWQNKLNIADLVIFTWMEVQRTWSHLESIFVCSEDIRIQLVKDARRFDGVDAEFKELMFKTAKVENVLEATCRPNLYEKLKDLQSRLSLCEKALAEYLETKRIAFPRFYFVSSADLLDILSKGAQPKQVTCHLAKLFDSIADLQFEDNQDVSAHRAVGMYSKEKEYVPFQAECECVGHVETWLLQLEQTMQETVRHSITEAIVAYEEKPRELWIFDFPAQVALTSSQIWWTTDVGIAFSRLEEGYETALKDFHKKQISQLNTLITLLLGELPPGDRQKIMTICTIDVHARDVVAKLISQKVVSPQAFTWLSQLRHRWEDTQKHCFVNICDAQFQYFYEYLGNSPRLVITPLTDRCYITLTQSLHLTMSGAPAGPAGTGKTETTKDLGRALGMMVYVFNCSEQMDYKSIGNIYKGLVQTGAWGCFDEFNRISVEVLSVVAVQVKMIHDAIRNRKKRFVFLGEAITLKPSVGIFITMNPGYAGRTELPENLKALFRPCAMVAPDIELICEILLVAEGFVDARALARKFITLYTLCKELLSKQDHYDWGLRAIKSVLVVAGSLKRGDKNRPEDQVLMRALRDFNMPKIVTDDIPVFLGLVGDLFPALDVPRRRKLHFEQMVRQSTLELRLQPEESFILKVVQLEELLAVRHSVFVVGNAGTGKSKILRTLNRTYVNMKQKPVWNDLNPKAVTTDELFGFIHHATREWKDGKIVYSYFIGLFSSILREQANLKHDGPKWIVLDGDIDPMWIESLNTVMDDNKVLTLASNERIALTPFMRLLFEIHHLRSATPATVSRAGILYVNPQDLGWNPYVASWIDRRRHQSEKANLTILFDKYVPACLDKLRTSFKTITSIPESSLVQTLCVLLECLLTPENVPSDSPKEVYEVYFVFACIWAFGGTLLQDQISDYQADFSRWWQKEMKAVKFPSQGTIFDYYVDHKTKKLLPWADKIAQFTMDPDVPLQTVLVHTTETARLRYFMELLLEKGKPLMLVGNAGVGKTVFVGDTLASLSEDYIVSRVPFNYYTTSTALQKILEKPLEKKAGHNYGPGGNKKLIYFIDDMNMPEVDLYGTVQPHTLIRQHIDYGHWYDRQKVMLKEIHNCQYVACMNPMVGSFTINPRLQRHFTVFAFNFPSLDALNTIYGQIFSFHFQQQAFAPSILRSGPTLIQATIAFHQTMMCNFLPTAIKFHYIFNLRDLSNVFQGILFASPECLKGPLDLIHLWLHESARVYGDKLIDKKDCDLFQRRMLETAYKYFEGIDSHMLLQQPLIYCHFADRGKDPHYMPVKDWEVLKTILTETLDNYNELNAAMHLVLFEDAMQHVCRISRILRTPQGCALLVGVGGSGKQSLSRLAAYLRGLEVFQITLTEGYGIQELRVDLANLYIRTGAKNMPTVFLLTDAQVLDESFLVLINDLLASGEIPDLFSDEDVDKIISGIHNEVHALGMVDSRENCWKFFMARVRLQLKIILCFSPVGRTLRVRARKFPAIVNCTAIDWFHAWPQEALVSVSRRFIEETKGIEPVHKDSISLFMAHVHTTVNEMSTRYYQNERRHNYTTPKSFLEQISLFKNLLKKKQNEVSEKKERLVNGIQKLKTTASQVGDLKARLASQEAELQLRNHDAEALITKIGLQTEKVSREKTIADAEERKVTAIQTEVFQKQRECEADLLKAEPALVAATAALNTLNRVNLSELKAFPNPPIAVTNVTAAVMVLLAPRGRVPKDRSWKAAKVFMGKVDDFLQALINYDKEHIPENCLKVVNEHYLKDPEFNPNLIRTKSFAAAGLCAWVINIIKFYEVYCDVEPKRQALAQANLELAAATEKLEAIRKKLVDLDRNLSRLTASFEKATAEKVRCQEEVNQTNKTIKLANRLVKELEAKKIRWGQSIKSFEAQEKTLCGDVLLTAAFVSYVGPFTRQYRQELVHCKWVPFLQQKVSIPLTEGLDLISMLTDDATIAAWNNEGLPSDRMSTENAAILTHCERWPLVIDPQQQGIKWIKNKYGMDLKVTHLGQKGFLNAIETALAFGDVILIENLEETIDPVLDPLLGRNTIKKGKYIRIGDKECEFNKNFRLILHTKLANPHYKPELQAQTTLLNFTVTEDGLEAQLLAEVVSIERPDLEKLKLVLTKHQNDFKIELKYLEDDLLLRLSAAEGSFLDDTKLVERLEATKTTVAEIEHKVIEAKENERKINEARECYRPVAARASLLYFVINDLQKINPLYQFSLKAFNVLFHRAIEQADKVEDMQGRISILMESITHAVFLYTSQALFEKDKLTFLSQMAFQILLRKKEIDPLELDFLLRFTVEHTHLSPVDFLTSQSWSAIKAIAVMEEFRGIDRDVEGSAKQWRKWVESECPEKEKLPQEWKKKSLIQKLILLRAMRPDRMTYALRNFVEEKLGAKYVERTRLDLVKAFEESSPATPIFFILSPGVDALKDLEILGKRLGFTIDSGKFHNVSLGQGQETVAEVALEKASKGGHWVILQNVHLVAKWLGTLEKLLERFSQGSHRDYRVFMSAESAPTPDEHIIPQGLLENSIKITNEPPTGMLANLHAALYNFDQDTLEICSKEQEFKSILFSLCYFHACVAGRLRFGPQGWSRSYPFNPGDLTICASVLYNYLEANSKVPWEDLRYLFGEIMYGGHITDDWDRKLCRVYLEEFMNPSLTEDELMLAPGFAAPPYLDYAGYHQYIEEMLPPESPALYGLHPNAEIEFLTVTSNTLFRTLLEMQPRNALSGDELGQSTEEKVKNVLDDILEKLPEEFNMAEIMQKNSNRSPYVLVCFQECERMNILIREIRISLEQLDLSLKGELALSPAVEAQQFALSYDTVPDTWSKLAYPSTYGLAQWFNDLLLRCRELDTWTQDLTLPAVVWLSGFFNPQSFLTAIMQTMARKNEWPLDKTRLTADVTKKTKEDYGHPPREGAYLHGLFMEGARWDTQAGTIVEARLKELACPMPVIFAKATPVDRQETKQTYECPVYRTKLRGPSYIWTFRLKSEEKTAKWVLAGVALLLEA*
chr7:21868718:C/A:1	chr7	21868718	C|A	1	DNAH11	NM_001277115	8701	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	146	None
chr7:24285140:T/G:1	chr7	24285140	T|G	1	NPY	NM_000905	4852	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	101	None
chr7:26470058:G/T:1	chr7	26470058	G|T	1	LOC441204	NR_148502	441204	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	23737	None
chr7:26470058:G/T:1	chr7	26470058	G|T	1	LOC441204	NR_148499	441204	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	23737	None
chr7:26470058:G/T:1	chr7	26470058	G|T	1	LOC441204	NR_148500	441204	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	23737	None
chr7:26470058:G/T:1	chr7	26470058	G|T	1	LOC441204	NR_148501	441204	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	23737	None
chr7:26470058:G/T:1	chr7	26470058	G|T	1	LOC441204	NR_148503	441204	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	23737	None
chr7:26470058:G/T:1	chr7	26470058	G|T	1	LOC441204	NR_148504	441204	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	23737	None
chr7:27245960:C/A:1	chr7	27245960	C|A	1	EVX1-AS	NR_120507	101410536	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1001	None
chr7:27245960:C/A:1	chr7	27245960	C|A	1	EVX1	NM_001304519	2128	coding	1190	213	71	P>P	syn	None	MRRYRTAFTREQIARLEKEFYRENYVSRPRRCELAAALNLPETTIKVWFQNRRMKDKRQRLAMTWPHPADPAFYTYMMSHAAAAGGLPYPFPSHLPLPYYSPVGLGAASAASAAASPFSGSLRPLDTFRVLSQPYPRPELLCAFRHPPLYPGPAHGLGASAGGPCSCLACHSGPANGLAPRAAAASDFTCASTSRSDSFLTFAPSVLSKASSVALDQREEVPLTR*
chr7:27245960:C/A:1	chr7	27245960	C|A	1	EVX1	NM_001304520	2128	coding	1242	213	71	P>P	syn	None	MRRYRTAFTREQIARLEKEFYRENYVSRPRRCELAAALNLPETTIKVWFQNRRMKDKRQRLAMTWPHPADPAFYTYMMSHAAAAGGLPYPFPSHLPLPYYSPVGLGAASAASAAASPFSGSLRPLDTFRVLSQPYPRPELLCAFRHPPLYPGPAHGLGASAGGPCSCLACHSGPANGLAPRAAAASDFTCASTSRSDSFLTFAPSVLSKASSVALDQREEVPLTR*
chr7:27245960:C/A:1	chr7	27245960	C|A	1	EVX1	NM_001989	2128	coding	988	759	253	P>P	syn	None	MESRKDMVVFLDGGQLGTLVGKRVSNLSEAVGSPLPEPPEKMVPRGCLSPRAVPPATRERGGGGPEEEPVDGLAGSAAGPGAEPQVAGAAMLGPGPPAPSVDSLSGQGQPSSSDTESDFYEEIEVSCTPDCATGNAEYQHSKGSGSEALVGSPNGGSETPKSNGGSGGGGSQGTLACSASDQMRRYRTAFTREQIARLEKEFYRENYVSRPRRCELAAALNLPETTIKVWFQNRRMKDKRQRLAMTWPHPADPAFYTYMMSHAAAAGGLPYPFPSHLPLPYYSPVGLGAASAASAAASPFSGSLRPLDTFRVLSQPYPRPELLCAFRHPPLYPGPAHGLGASAGGPCSCLACHSGPANGLAPRAAAASDFTCASTSRSDSFLTFAPSVLSKASSVALDQREEVPLTR*
chr7:27841060:C/A:1	chr7	27841060	C|A	1	JAZF1	NM_175061	221895	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	193	None
chr7:31655302:C/A:1	chr7	31655302	C|A	1	ITPRID1	NR_047565	223075	non-coding	6157	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:31655302:C/A:1	chr7	31655302	C|A	1	ITPRID1	NM_001257968	223075	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2619	None
chr7:31655302:C/A:1	chr7	31655302	C|A	1	ITPRID1	NM_001257967	223075	3utr	5755	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:31655302:C/A:1	chr7	31655302	C|A	1	ITPRID1	NM_194300	223075	3utr	5631	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:32163293:C/T:1	chr7	32163293	C|T	1	PDE1C	NM_001191058	5137	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6492	None
chr7:32163293:C/T:1	chr7	32163293	C|T	1	PDE1C	NM_001322058	5137	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6492	None
chr7:32163293:C/T:1	chr7	32163293	C|T	1	PDE1C	NM_001322059	5137	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6492	None
chr7:43876539:C/G:1	chr7	43876539	C|G	1	URGCP-MRPS24	NM_001204871	100534592	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5120	None
chr7:43876539:C/G:1	chr7	43876539	C|G	1	URGCP	NM_001077663	55665	3utr	3418	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:43876539:C/G:1	chr7	43876539	C|G	1	URGCP	NM_001077664	55665	3utr	3190	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:43876539:C/G:1	chr7	43876539	C|G	1	URGCP	NM_001290075	55665	3utr	3413	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:43876539:C/G:1	chr7	43876539	C|G	1	URGCP	NM_001290076	55665	3utr	3312	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:43876539:C/G:1	chr7	43876539	C|G	1	URGCP	NM_017920	55665	3utr	3391	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:44970772:C/G:1	chr7	44970772	C|G	1	MYO1G	NM_033054	64005	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chr7:65755416:A/T:1	chr7	65755416	A|T	1	LOC441242	NR_038378	441242	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7515	None
chr7:65755416:A/T:1	chr7	65755416	A|T	1	SNORA22	NR_002961	677807	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:65755416:A/T:1	chr7	65755416	A|T	1	CCT6P1	NR_003110	643253	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	364	None
chr7:67238132:G/C:1	chr7	67238132	G|C	1	TYW1	NM_018264	55253	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	176	None
chr7:67238132:G/C:1	chr7	67238132	G|C	1	TYW1	NR_134540	55253	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	176	None
chr7:71571591:C/A:1	chr7	71571591	C|A	1	GALNT17	NM_022479	64409	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	189	None
chr7:74512702:C/A:1	chr7	74512702	C|A	1	GTF2IRD1	NM_001199207	9569	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	128	None
chr7:74512702:C/A:1	chr7	74512702	C|A	1	GTF2IRD1	NM_005685	9569	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	128	None
chr7:74512702:C/A:1	chr7	74512702	C|A	1	GTF2IRD1	NM_016328	9569	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	128	None
chr7:80474080:T/G:1	chr7	80474080	T|G	1	GNAT3	NM_001102386	346562	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	171	None
chr7:91974127:C/A:1	chr7	91974127	C|A	1	AKAP9	NM_005751	10142	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	159	None
chr7:91974127:C/A:1	chr7	91974127	C|A	1	AKAP9	NM_147185	10142	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	159	None
chr7:92040995:G/T:1	chr7	92040995	G|T	1	AKAP9	NM_005751	10142	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	97	None
chr7:92040995:G/T:1	chr7	92040995	G|T	1	AKAP9	NM_147185	10142	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	97	None
chr7:93257513:G/T:1	chr7	93257513	G|T	1	VPS50	NM_001257998	55610	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49	None
chr7:93257513:G/T:1	chr7	93257513	G|T	1	VPS50	NM_017667	55610	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49	None
chr7:93257513:G/T:1	chr7	93257513	G|T	1	VPS50	NM_024553	55610	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49	None
chr7:97929599:A/T:1	chr7	97929599	A|T	1	ASNS	NM_001352496	440	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:97929599:A/T:1	chr7	97929599	A|T	1	CZ1P-ASNS	NR_147989	107986827	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	822	None
chr7:99061975:G/T:1	chr7	99061975	G|T	1	SMURF1	NM_001199847	57154	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	138	None
chr7:99061975:G/T:1	chr7	99061975	G|T	1	SMURF1	NM_020429	57154	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	138	None
chr7:99061975:G/T:1	chr7	99061975	G|T	1	SMURF1	NM_181349	57154	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	138	None
chr7:99394321:C/T:1	chr7	99394321	C|T	1	PDAP1	NM_014891	11333	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:99394321:C/T:1	chr7	99394321	C|T	1	ARPC1B	NM_005720	10095	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	130	None
chr7:100180712:C/G:1	chr7	100180712	C|G	1	STAG3	NM_001282716	10734	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	40	None
chr7:100180712:C/G:1	chr7	100180712	C|G	1	STAG3	NM_001282717	10734	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	40	None
chr7:100180712:C/G:1	chr7	100180712	C|G	1	STAG3	NM_001282718	10734	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	40	None
chr7:100180712:C/G:1	chr7	100180712	C|G	1	STAG3	NM_012447	10734	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	40	None
chr7:100223868:G/T:1	chr7	100223868	G|T	1	CASTOR3	NM_178831	352954	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14	None
chr7:100223868:G/T:1	chr7	100223868	G|T	1	CASTOR3	NR_028038	352954	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14	None
chr7:100223868:G/T:1	chr7	100223868	G|T	1	CASTOR3	NR_028039	352954	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14	None
chr7:100223868:G/T:1	chr7	100223868	G|T	1	CASTOR3	NR_028040	352954	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	14	None
chr7:100768733:G/T:1	chr7	100768733	G|T	1	ZAN	NM_003386	7455	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	12	None
chr7:100768733:G/T:1	chr7	100768733	G|T	1	ZAN	NM_173059	7455	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	12	None
chr7:100768733:G/T:1	chr7	100768733	G|T	1	ZAN	NR_111917	7455	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	12	None
chr7:100768733:G/T:1	chr7	100768733	G|T	1	ZAN	NR_111918	7455	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	12	None
chr7:100768733:G/T:1	chr7	100768733	G|T	1	ZAN	NR_111919	7455	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	12	None
chr7:100897472:G/A:1	chr7	100897472	G|A	1	ACHE	NM_000665	43	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:100897472:G/A:1	chr7	100897472	G|A	1	ACHE	NM_001282449	43	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:100897472:G/A:1	chr7	100897472	G|A	1	ACHE	NM_001302621	43	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:100897472:G/A:1	chr7	100897472	G|A	1	ACHE	NM_001367915	43	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:100897472:G/A:1	chr7	100897472	G|A	1	ACHE	NR_160408	43	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:100897472:G/A:1	chr7	100897472	G|A	1	ACHE	NM_001302622	43	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:100897472:G/A:1	chr7	100897472	G|A	1	ACHE	NM_001367918	43	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:100897472:G/A:1	chr7	100897472	G|A	1	ACHE	NM_001367919	43	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:100897472:G/A:1	chr7	100897472	G|A	1	ACHE	NR_160407	43	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:100958263:A/G:1	chr7	100958263	A|G	1	MUC3A	NM_005960	4584	coding	6575	6484	2162	T>A	nonsyn	None	MQLLGLLGLLWMLKASPWATGTLSTATSISQVPFPRAEAASAVLSNSPHSRDLAGWPLGVPQLASPAPGHRENAPMTLTTSPHDTLISETLLNSPVSSNTSTTPTSKFAFKVETTPPTVLVYSATTECVYPTSFIITISHPTSICVTTTQVAFTSSYTSTPVTQKPVTTVTSTYSMTTTEKGTSAMTSSPSTTTARETPIVTVTPSSVSATDTTFHTTISSTTRTTERTPLPTGSIHTTTSPTPVFTTLKTAVTSTSPITSSITSTNTVTSMTTTASQPTATNTLSSPTRTILSSTPVLSTETITSGITNTTPLSTLVTTLPTTISRSTPTSETTYTTSPTSTVTDSTTKIAYSTSMTGTLSTETSLPPTSSSLPTTETATTPMTNLVTTTTEISSHSTPSFSSSTIYSTVSTSTTAISSLPPTSGTMVTSTTMTPSSLSTDIPFTTPTTITHHSVGSTGFLTTATDLTSTFTVSSSSAMSTSVIPSSPSIQNTETSSLVSMTSATTPNVRPTFVSTLSTPTSSLLTTFPATYSFSSSMSASSAGTTHTESISSPPASTSTLHTTAESTLAPTTTTSFTTSTTMEPPSTTAATTGTGQTTFTSSTATFPETTTPTPTTDMSTESLTTAMTSPPITSSVTSTNTVTSMTTTTSPPTTTNSFTSLTSMPLSSTPVPSTEVVTSGTINTIPPSILVTTLPTPNASSMTTSETTYPNSPTGPGTNSTTEITYPTTMTETSSTATSLPPTSPLVSTAKTAKTPTTNLVTTTTKTTSHSTTSFTSSTVYSTASTYTTAITSVPTTLGTMVTSTSMISSTVSTGIPTSQPTTITPSSVGISGSLPMMTDLTSVYTVSNMSARPTTVIPSSPTVQNTEISISVSMTSATTPSGGPTFTSTENTPTRSLLTSFPMTHSFSSSMSESSAGTTHTESISSPRGTTSTLHTTVESTPSPTTTTSFTTSTMMEPPSSTVSTTGRGQTTFPSSTATFPETTTLTPTTDISTVSLTTAMTSPPPVSSSITPTNTMTSMRTTTYWPTATNTLSPLTSSILSSTPVPSTEMITSHTTNTTPLSTLVTTLLTTITRSTPTSETTYPTSPTSIVSDSTTEITYSTSITGTLSTATTLPPTSSSLPTTETATMTPTTTLITTTPNTTSLSTPSFTSSTIYSTVSTSTTAISSASPTSGTMVTSTTMTPSSLSTDTPSTTPTTITYPSVGSTGFLTTATDLTSTFTVSSSSAMSTSVIPSSPSIQNTETSSLVSMTSATTPSLRPTITSTDSTLTSSLLTTFPSTYSFSSSMSASSAGTTHTETISSLPASTNTIHTTAESALAPTTTTSFTTSPTMEPPSTTVATTGTGQTTFPSSTATFLETTTLTPTTDFSTESLTTAMTSTPPITSSITPTDTMTSMRTTTSWPTATNTLSPLTSSILSSTPVPSTEVTTSHTTNTNPVSTLVTTLPITITRSTLTSETAYPSSPTSTVTESTTEITYPTTMTETSSTATSLPPTSSLVSTAETAKTPTTNLVTTTTKTTSHSTTSFTSSTIYSTASTPTTAITSVPTTLGTMVTSTSMIPSTVSTGIPTSQPTTITPSSVGISGSLPMMTDLTSVYTVSSMSARPTSVIPSSPTVQNTETSIFVSMMSATTPSGGPTFTSTENTPTRSLLTSFPVTHSFSSSMSASSVGTTHTQSISSPPAITSTLHTTAESTPSPTTTMSFTTFTKMETPSSTVATTGTGQTTFTSSTATSPKTTTLTPTSDISTGSFKTAVSSTPPITSSITSTYTVTSMTTTTPLGPTATNTLPSFTSSVSSSTPVPSTEAITSGTTNTTPLSTLVTTFSNSDTSSTPTSETTYPTSLTSALTDSTTRTTYSTNMTGTLSTVTSLRPTSSSLLTTVTATVPTTNLVTTTTKITSHSTPSFTSSIATTETPSHSTPRFTSSITTTETPSHSTPRFTSSITNTKTTSHSSPSFTSSITTTETTSHNTPSLTSSITTTKTTSHSTPSYTSLITTTTTTSHSTPSFTSSITTTETTSHNTPSLTSSITTTETTSHSTPSFTSSITTETTSHSTPSFTSLITITEITSHSTLSYTTSITTTETPSHSTLSFTSSITTTETTSHSTPSFTSSITTSEMPSHSTPSFTSSITTTENATHSTPNFTSSITTTETTSHSTPSFTSLITTTETTSHRWGTTETTSYSTPSFTSSNTITETTSHSTPSYITSITTTETPSSSTPSFSSSITTTETTSHSTPGFTSSITTTETTSHSTPSFTSSITTTETTSHDTPSFTSSITTSETPSHSTPSSTSLITTTKTTSHSTPSFTSSITTTETTSHSAHSFTSSITTTETTSHNTRSFTSSITTTETNSHSTTSFTSSITTTETTSHSTPSFSSSITTTETPLHSTPGLTSWVTTTKTTSHITPGLTSSITTTETTSHSTPGFTSSITTTETTSESTPSLSSSTIYSTVSTSTTAITSHFTTSETAVTPTPVTPSSLSTDIPTTSLRTLTPSSVGTSTSLTTTTDFPSIPTDISTLPTRTHIISSSPSIQSTETSSLVGTTSPTMSTVRMTLRITENTPISSFSTSIVVIPETPTQTPPVLTSATGTQTSPAPTTVTFGSTDSSTSTLHTLTPSTALSTIVSTSQVPIPSTHSSTLQTTPSTPSLQTSLTSTSEFTTESFTRGSTSTNAILTSFSTIIWSSTPTIIMSSSPSSASITPVFSTTIHSVPSSPYIFSTENVGSASITGFPSLSSSATTSTSSTSSSLTTALTEITPFSYISLPSTTPCPGTITITIVPASPTDPCVEMDPSTEATSPPTTPLTVFPFTTEMVTCPTSISIQTTLTTYMDTSSMMPESESSISPNASSSTGTGTVPTNTVFTSTRLPTSETWLSNSSVIPLPLPGVSTIPLTMKPSSSLPTILRTSSKSTHPSPPTTRTSETPVATTQTPTTLTSRRTTRITSQMTTQSTLTTTAGTCDNGGTWEQGQCACLPGFSGDRCQLQTRCQNGGQWDGLKCQCPSTFYGSSCEFAVEQVDLDVVETEVGMEVSVDQQFSPDLNDNTSQAYRDFNKTFWNQMQKIFADMQGFTFKGVEILSLRNGSIVVDYLVLLEMPFSPQLESEYEQVKTTLKEGLQNASQDVNSCQDSQTLCFKPDSIKVNNNSKTELTPAAICRRAAPTGYEEFYFPLVEATRLRCVTKCTSGVDNAIDCHQGQCVLETSGPTCRCYSTDTHWFSGPRCEVAVHWRALVGGLTAGAALLVLLLLALGVRAVRSGWWGGQRRGRSWDQDRKWFETWDEEVVGTFSNWGFEDDGTDKDTNFYVALENVDTTMKVHIKRPEMTSSSV*|MQLLGLLGLLWMLKASPWATGTLSTATSISQVPFPRAEAASAVLSNSPHSRDLAGWPLGVPQLASPAPGHRENAPMTLTTSPHDTLISETLLNSPVSSNTSTTPTSKFAFKVETTPPTVLVYSATTECVYPTSFIITISHPTSICVTTTQVAFTSSYTSTPVTQKPVTTVTSTYSMTTTEKGTSAMTSSPSTTTARETPIVTVTPSSVSATDTTFHTTISSTTRTTERTPLPTGSIHTTTSPTPVFTTLKTAVTSTSPITSSITSTNTVTSMTTTASQPTATNTLSSPTRTILSSTPVLSTETITSGITNTTPLSTLVTTLPTTISRSTPTSETTYTTSPTSTVTDSTTKIAYSTSMTGTLSTETSLPPTSSSLPTTETATTPMTNLVTTTTEISSHSTPSFSSSTIYSTVSTSTTAISSLPPTSGTMVTSTTMTPSSLSTDIPFTTPTTITHHSVGSTGFLTTATDLTSTFTVSSSSAMSTSVIPSSPSIQNTETSSLVSMTSATTPNVRPTFVSTLSTPTSSLLTTFPATYSFSSSMSASSAGTTHTESISSPPASTSTLHTTAESTLAPTTTTSFTTSTTMEPPSTTAATTGTGQTTFTSSTATFPETTTPTPTTDMSTESLTTAMTSPPITSSVTSTNTVTSMTTTTSPPTTTNSFTSLTSMPLSSTPVPSTEVVTSGTINTIPPSILVTTLPTPNASSMTTSETTYPNSPTGPGTNSTTEITYPTTMTETSSTATSLPPTSPLVSTAKTAKTPTTNLVTTTTKTTSHSTTSFTSSTVYSTASTYTTAITSVPTTLGTMVTSTSMISSTVSTGIPTSQPTTITPSSVGISGSLPMMTDLTSVYTVSNMSARPTTVIPSSPTVQNTEISISVSMTSATTPSGGPTFTSTENTPTRSLLTSFPMTHSFSSSMSESSAGTTHTESISSPRGTTSTLHTTVESTPSPTTTTSFTTSTMMEPPSSTVSTTGRGQTTFPSSTATFPETTTLTPTTDISTVSLTTAMTSPPPVSSSITPTNTMTSMRTTTYWPTATNTLSPLTSSILSSTPVPSTEMITSHTTNTTPLSTLVTTLLTTITRSTPTSETTYPTSPTSIVSDSTTEITYSTSITGTLSTATTLPPTSSSLPTTETATMTPTTTLITTTPNTTSLSTPSFTSSTIYSTVSTSTTAISSASPTSGTMVTSTTMTPSSLSTDTPSTTPTTITYPSVGSTGFLTTATDLTSTFTVSSSSAMSTSVIPSSPSIQNTETSSLVSMTSATTPSLRPTITSTDSTLTSSLLTTFPSTYSFSSSMSASSAGTTHTETISSLPASTNTIHTTAESALAPTTTTSFTTSPTMEPPSTTVATTGTGQTTFPSSTATFLETTTLTPTTDFSTESLTTAMTSTPPITSSITPTDTMTSMRTTTSWPTATNTLSPLTSSILSSTPVPSTEVTTSHTTNTNPVSTLVTTLPITITRSTLTSETAYPSSPTSTVTESTTEITYPTTMTETSSTATSLPPTSSLVSTAETAKTPTTNLVTTTTKTTSHSTTSFTSSTIYSTASTPTTAITSVPTTLGTMVTSTSMIPSTVSTGIPTSQPTTITPSSVGISGSLPMMTDLTSVYTVSSMSARPTSVIPSSPTVQNTETSIFVSMMSATTPSGGPTFTSTENTPTRSLLTSFPVTHSFSSSMSASSVGTTHTQSISSPPAITSTLHTTAESTPSPTTTMSFTTFTKMETPSSTVATTGTGQTTFTSSTATSPKTTTLTPTSDISTGSFKTAVSSTPPITSSITSTYTVTSMTTTTPLGPTATNTLPSFTSSVSSSTPVPSTEAITSGTTNTTPLSTLVTTFSNSDTSSTPTSETTYPTSLTSALTDSTTRTTYSTNMTGTLSTVTSLRPTSSSLLTTVTATVPTTNLVTTTTKITSHSTPSFTSSIATTETPSHSTPRFTSSITTTETPSHSTPRFTSSITNTKTTSHSSPSFTSSITTTETTSHNTPSLTSSITTTKTTSHSTPSYTSLITTTTTTSHSTPSFTSSITTTETTSHNTPSLTSSITTTETTSHSTPSFTSSITTETTSHSTPSFTSLITITEITSHSTLSYTTSITTTETPSHSTLSFTSSITTTETTSHSTPSFTSSITTSEMPSHSTPSFTSSITTTENATHSTPNFTSSITTTETTSHSTPSFASLITTTETTSHRWGTTETTSYSTPSFTSSNTITETTSHSTPSYITSITTTETPSSSTPSFSSSITTTETTSHSTPGFTSSITTTETTSHSTPSFTSSITTTETTSHDTPSFTSSITTSETPSHSTPSSTSLITTTKTTSHSTPSFTSSITTTETTSHSAHSFTSSITTTETTSHNTRSFTSSITTTETNSHSTTSFTSSITTTETTSHSTPSFSSSITTTETPLHSTPGLTSWVTTTKTTSHITPGLTSSITTTETTSHSTPGFTSSITTTETTSESTPSLSSSTIYSTVSTSTTAITSHFTTSETAVTPTPVTPSSLSTDIPTTSLRTLTPSSVGTSTSLTTTTDFPSIPTDISTLPTRTHIISSSPSIQSTETSSLVGTTSPTMSTVRMTLRITENTPISSFSTSIVVIPETPTQTPPVLTSATGTQTSPAPTTVTFGSTDSSTSTLHTLTPSTALSTIVSTSQVPIPSTHSSTLQTTPSTPSLQTSLTSTSEFTTESFTRGSTSTNAILTSFSTIIWSSTPTIIMSSSPSSASITPVFSTTIHSVPSSPYIFSTENVGSASITGFPSLSSSATTSTSSTSSSLTTALTEITPFSYISLPSTTPCPGTITITIVPASPTDPCVEMDPSTEATSPPTTPLTVFPFTTEMVTCPTSISIQTTLTTYMDTSSMMPESESSISPNASSSTGTGTVPTNTVFTSTRLPTSETWLSNSSVIPLPLPGVSTIPLTMKPSSSLPTILRTSSKSTHPSPPTTRTSETPVATTQTPTTLTSRRTTRITSQMTTQSTLTTTAGTCDNGGTWEQGQCACLPGFSGDRCQLQTRCQNGGQWDGLKCQCPSTFYGSSCEFAVEQVDLDVVETEVGMEVSVDQQFSPDLNDNTSQAYRDFNKTFWNQMQKIFADMQGFTFKGVEILSLRNGSIVVDYLVLLEMPFSPQLESEYEQVKTTLKEGLQNASQDVNSCQDSQTLCFKPDSIKVNNNSKTELTPAAICRRAAPTGYEEFYFPLVEATRLRCVTKCTSGVDNAIDCHQGQCVLETSGPTCRCYSTDTHWFSGPRCEVAVHWRALVGGLTAGAALLVLLLLALGVRAVRSGWWGGQRRGRSWDQDRKWFETWDEEVVGTFSNWGFEDDGTDKDTNFYVALENVDTTMKVHIKRPEMTSSSV*
chr7:101035696:G/T:1	chr7	101035696	G|T	1	MUC17	NM_001040105	140453	coding	4333	4280	1427	G>V	nonsyn	None	MPRPGTMALCLLTLVLSLLPPQAAAEQDLSVNRAVWDGGGCISQGDVLNRQCQQLSQHVRTGSAANTATGTTSTNVVEPRMYLSCSTNPEMTSIESSVTSDTPGVSSTRMTPTESRTTSESTSDSTTLFPSSTEDTSSPTTPEGTDVPMSTPSEESISSTMAFVSTAPLPSFEAYTSLTYKVDMSTPLTTSTQASSSPTTPESTTIPKSTNSEGSTPLTSMPASTMKVASSEAITLLTTPVEISTPVTISAQASSSPTTAEGPSLSNSAPSGGSTPLTRMPLSVMLVVSSEASTLSTTPAATNIPVITSTEASSSPTTAEGTSIPTSTYTEGSTPLTSTPASTMPVATSEMSTLSITPVDTSTLVTTSTEPSSLPTTAEATSMLTSTLSEGSTPLTNMPVSTILVASSEASTTSTIPVDSKTFVTTASEASSSPTTAEDTSIATSTPSEGSTPLTSMPVSTTPVASSEASNLSTTPVDSKTQVTTSTEASSSPPTAEVNSMPTSTPSEGSTPLTSMSVSTMPVASSEASTLSTTPVDTSTPVTTSSEASSSSTTPEGTSIPTSTPSEGSTPLTNMPVSTRLVVSSEASTTSTTPADSNTFVTTSSEASSSSTTAEGTSMPTSTYSERGTTITSMSVSTTLVASSEASTLSTTPVDSNTPVTTSTEATSSSTTAEGTSMPTSTYTEGSTPLTSMPVNTTLVASSEASTLSTTPVDTSTPVTTSTEASSSPTTADGASMPTSTPSEGSTPLTSMPVSKTLLTSSEASTLSTTPLDTSTHITTSTEASCSPTTTEGTSMPISTPSEGSPLLTSIPVSITPVTSPEASTLSTTPVDSNSPVTTSTEVSSSPTPAEGTSMPTSTYSEGRTPLTSMPVSTTLVATSAISTLSTTPVDTSTPVTNSTEARSSPTTSEGTSMPTSTPGEGSTPLTSMPDSTTPVVSSEARTLSATPVDTSTPVTTSTEATSSPTTAEGTSIPTSTPSEGTTPLTSTPVSHTLVANSEASTLSTTPVDSNTPLTTSTEASSPPPTAEGTSMPTSTPSEGSTPLTRMPVSTTMVASSETSTLSTTPADTSTPVTTYSQASSSSTTADGTSMPTSTYSEGSTPLTSVPVSTRLVVSSEASTLSTTPVDTSIPVTTSTEASSSPTTAEGTSIPTSPPSEGTTPLASMPVSTTLVVSSEANTLSTTPVDSKTQVATSTEASSPPPTAEVTSMPTSTPGERSTPLTSMPVRHTPVASSEASTLSTSPVDTSTPVTTSAETSSSPTTAEGTSLPTSTTSEGSTLLTSIPVSTTLVTSPEASTLLTTPVDTKGPVVTSNEVSSSPTPAEGTSMPTSTYSEGRTPLTSIPVNTTLVASSAISILSTTPVDNSTPVTTSTEACSSPTTSEGTSMPNSNPSEGTTPLTSIPVSTTPVVSSEASTLSATPVDTSTPGTTSAEATSSPTTAEGISIPTSTPSEGKTPLKSIPVSNTPVANSEASTLSTTPVDSNSPVVTSTAVSSSPTPAEGTSIAISTPSEGSTALTSIPVSTTTVASSEINSLSTTPAVTSTPVTTYSQASSSPTTADGTSMQTSTYSEGSTPLTSLPVSTMLVVSSEANTLSTTPIDSKTQVTASTEASSSTTAEGSSMTISTPSEGSPLLTSIPVSTTPVASPEASTLSTTPVDSNSPVITSTEVSSSPTPAEGTSMPTSTYTEGRTPLTSITVRTTPVASSAISTLSTTPVDNSTPVTTSTEARSSPTTSEGTSMPNSTPSEGTTPLTSIPVSTTPVLSSEASTLSATPIDTSTPVTTSTEATSSPTTAEGTSIPTSTLSEGMTPLTSTPVSHTLVANSEASTLSTTPVDSNSPVVTSTAVSSSPTPAEGTSIATSTPSEGSTALTSIPVSTTTVASSETNTLSTTPAVTSTPVTTYAQVSSSPTTADGSSMPTSTPREGRPPLTSIPVSTTTVASSEINTLSTTLADTRTPVTTYSQASSSPTTADGTSMPTPAYSEGSTPLTSMPLSTTLVVSSEASTLSTTPVDTSTPATTSTEGSSSPTTAGGTSIQTSTPSERTTPLAGMPVSTTLVVSSEGNTLSTTPVDSKTQVTNSTEASSSATAEGSSMTISAPSEGSPLLTSIPLSTTPVASPEASTLSTTPVDSNSPVITSTEVSSSPIPTEGTSMQTSTYSDRRTPLTSMPVSTTVVASSAISTLSTTPVDTSTPVTNSTEARSSPTTSEGTSMPTSTPSEGSTPFTSMPVSTMPVVTSEASTLSATPVDTSTPVTTSTEATSSPTTAEGTSIPTSTLSEGTTPLTSIPVSHTLVANSEVSTLSTTPVDSNTPFTTSTEASSPPPTAEGTSMPTSTSSEGNTPLTRMPVSTTMVASFETSTLSTTPADTSTPVTTYSQAGSSPTTADDTSMPTSTYSEGSTPLTSVPVSTMPVVSSEASTHSTTPVDTSTPVTTSTEASSSPTTAEGTSIPTSPPSEGTTPLASMPVSTTPVVSSEAGTLSTTPVDTSTPMTTSTEASSSPTTAEDIVVPISTASEGSTLLTSIPVSTTPVASPEASTLSTTPVDSNSPVVTSTEISSSATSAEGTSMPTSTYSEGSTPLRSMPVSTKPLASSEASTLSTTPVDTSIPVTTSTETSSSPTTAKDTSMPISTPSEVSTSLTSILVSTMPVASSEASTLSTTPVDTRTLVTTSTGTSSSPTTAEGSSMPTSTPGERSTPLTNILVSTTLLANSEASTLSTTPVDTSTPVTTSAEASSSPTTAEGTSMRISTPSDGSTPLTSILVSTLPVASSEASTVSTTAVDTSIPVTTSTEASSSPTTAEVTSMPTSTPSETSTPLTSMPVNHTPVASSEAGTLSTTPVDTSTPVTTSTKASSSPTTAEGIVVPISTASEGSTLLTSIPVSTTPVASSEASTLSTTPVDTSIPVTTSTEGSSSPTTAEGTSMPISTPSEVSTPLTSILVSTVPVAGSEASTLSTTPVDTRTPVTTSAEASSSPTTAEGTSMPISTPGERRTPLTSMSVSTMPVASSEASTLSRTPADTSTPVTTSTEASSSPTTAEGTGIPISTPSEGSTPLTSIPVSTTPVAIPEASTLSTTPVDSNSPVVTSTEVSSSPTPAEGTSMPISTYSEGSTPLTGVPVSTTPVTSSAISTLSTTPVDTSTPVTTSTEAHSSPTTSEGTSMPTSTPSEGSTPLTYMPVSTMLVVSSEDSTLSATPVDTSTPVTTSTEATSSTTAEGTSIPTSTPSEGMTPLTSVPVSNTPVASSEASILSTTPVDSNTPLTTSTEASSSPPTAEGTSMPTSTPSEGSTPLTSMPVSTTTVASSETSTLSTTPADTSTPVTTYSQASSSPPIADGTSMPTSTYSEGSTPLTNMSFSTTPVVSSEASTLSTTPVDTSTPVTTSTEASLSPTTAEGTSIPTSSPSEGTTPLASMPVSTTPVVSSEVNTLSTTPVDSNTLVTTSTEASSSPTIAEGTSLPTSTTSEGSTPLSIMPLSTTPVASSEASTLSTTPVDTSTPVTTSSPTNSSPTTAEVTSMPTSTAGEGSTPLTNMPVSTTPVASSEASTLSTTPVDSNTFVTSSSQASSSPATLQVTTMRMSTPSEGSSSLTTMLLSSTYVTSSEASTPSTPSVDRSTPVTTSTQSNSTPTPPEVITLPMSTPSEVSTPLTIMPVSTTSVTISEAGTASTLPVDTSTPVITSTQVSSSPVTPEGTTMPIWTPSEGSTPLTTMPVSTTRVTSSEGSTLSTPSVVTSTPVTTSTEAISSSATLDSTTMSVSMPMEISTLGTTILVSTTPVTRFPESSTPSIPSVYTSMSMTTASEGSSSPTTLEGTTTMPMSTTSERSTLLTTVLISPISVMSPSEASTLSTPPGDTSTPLLTSTKAGSFSIPAEVTTIRISITSERSTPLTTLLVSTTLPTSFPGASIASTPPLDTSTTFTPSTDTASTPTIPVATTISVSVITEGSTPGTTIFIPSTPVTSSTADVFPATTGAVSTPVITSTELNTPSTSSSSTTTSFSTTKEFTTPAMTTAAPLTYVTMSTAPSTPRTTSRGCTTSASTLSATSTPHTSTSVTTRPVTPSSESSRPSTITSHTIPPTFPPAHSSTPPTTSASSTTVNPEAVTTMTTRTKPSTRTTSFPTVTTTAVPTNTTIKSNPTSTPTVPRTTTCFGDGCQNTASRCKNGGTWDGLKCQCPNLYYGELCEEVVSSIDIGPPETISAQMELTVTVTSVKFTEELKNHSSQEFQEFKQTFTEQMNIVYSGIPEYVGVNITKLRLGSVVVEHDVLLRTKYTPEYKTVLDNATEVVKEKITKVTTQQIMINDICSDMMCFNTTGTQVQNITVTQYDPEEDCRKMAKEYGDYFVVEYRDQKPYCISPCEPGFSVSKNCNLGKCQMSLSGPQCLCVTTETHWYSGETCNQGTQKSLVYGLVGAGVVLMLIILVALLMLVFRSKREVKRQKYRLSQLYKWQEEDSGPAPGTFQNIGFDICQDDDSIHLESIYSNFQPSLRHIDPETKIRIQRPQVMTTSF*|MPRPGTMALCLLTLVLSLLPPQAAAEQDLSVNRAVWDGGGCISQGDVLNRQCQQLSQHVRTGSAANTATGTTSTNVVEPRMYLSCSTNPEMTSIESSVTSDTPGVSSTRMTPTESRTTSESTSDSTTLFPSSTEDTSSPTTPEGTDVPMSTPSEESISSTMAFVSTAPLPSFEAYTSLTYKVDMSTPLTTSTQASSSPTTPESTTIPKSTNSEGSTPLTSMPASTMKVASSEAITLLTTPVEISTPVTISAQASSSPTTAEGPSLSNSAPSGGSTPLTRMPLSVMLVVSSEASTLSTTPAATNIPVITSTEASSSPTTAEGTSIPTSTYTEGSTPLTSTPASTMPVATSEMSTLSITPVDTSTLVTTSTEPSSLPTTAEATSMLTSTLSEGSTPLTNMPVSTILVASSEASTTSTIPVDSKTFVTTASEASSSPTTAEDTSIATSTPSEGSTPLTSMPVSTTPVASSEASNLSTTPVDSKTQVTTSTEASSSPPTAEVNSMPTSTPSEGSTPLTSMSVSTMPVASSEASTLSTTPVDTSTPVTTSSEASSSSTTPEGTSIPTSTPSEGSTPLTNMPVSTRLVVSSEASTTSTTPADSNTFVTTSSEASSSSTTAEGTSMPTSTYSERGTTITSMSVSTTLVASSEASTLSTTPVDSNTPVTTSTEATSSSTTAEGTSMPTSTYTEGSTPLTSMPVNTTLVASSEASTLSTTPVDTSTPVTTSTEASSSPTTADGASMPTSTPSEGSTPLTSMPVSKTLLTSSEASTLSTTPLDTSTHITTSTEASCSPTTTEGTSMPISTPSEGSPLLTSIPVSITPVTSPEASTLSTTPVDSNSPVTTSTEVSSSPTPAEGTSMPTSTYSEGRTPLTSMPVSTTLVATSAISTLSTTPVDTSTPVTNSTEARSSPTTSEGTSMPTSTPGEGSTPLTSMPDSTTPVVSSEARTLSATPVDTSTPVTTSTEATSSPTTAEGTSIPTSTPSEGTTPLTSTPVSHTLVANSEASTLSTTPVDSNTPLTTSTEASSPPPTAEGTSMPTSTPSEGSTPLTRMPVSTTMVASSETSTLSTTPADTSTPVTTYSQASSSSTTADGTSMPTSTYSEGSTPLTSVPVSTRLVVSSEASTLSTTPVDTSIPVTTSTEASSSPTTAEGTSIPTSPPSEGTTPLASMPVSTTLVVSSEANTLSTTPVDSKTQVATSTEASSPPPTAEVTSMPTSTPGERSTPLTSMPVRHTPVASSEASTLSTSPVDTSTPVTTSAETSSSPTTAEGTSLPTSTTSEGSTLLTSIPVSTTLVTSPEASTLLTTPVDTKGPVVTSNEVSSSPTPAEGTSMPTSTYSEGRTPLTSIPVNTTLVASSAISILSTTPVDNSTPVTTSTEACSSPTTSEGTSMPNSNPSEGTTPLTSIPVSTTPVVSSEASTLSATPVDTSTPVTTSAEATSSPTTAEGISIPTSTPSEGKTPLKSIPVSNTPVANSEASTLSTTPVDSNSPVVTSTAVSSSPTPAEGTSIAISTPSEGSTALTSIPVSTTTVASSEINSLSTTPAVTSTPVTTYSQASSSPTTADGTSMQTSTYSEGSTPLTSLPVSTMLVVSSEANTLSTTPIDSKTQVTASTEASSSTTAEGSSMTISTPSEGSPLLTSIPVSTTPVASPEASTLSTTPVDSNSPVITSTEVSSSPTPAEGTSMPTSTYTEGRTPLTSITVRTTPVASSAISTLSTTPVDNSTPVTTSTEARSSPTTSEGTSMPNSTPSEGTTPLTSIPVSTTPVLSSEASTLSATPIDTSTPVTTSTEATSSPTTAEGTSIPTSTLSEGMTPLTSTPVSHTLVANSEASTLSTTPVDSNSPVVTSTAVSSSPTPAEGTSIATSTPSEGSTALTSIPVSTTTVASSETNTLSTTPAVTSTPVTTYAQVSSSPTTADGSSMPTSTPREGRPPLTSIPVSTTTVASSEINTLSTTLADTRTPVTTYSQASSSPTTADGTSMPTPAYSEGSTPLTSMPLSTTLVVSSEASTLSTTPVDTSTPATTSTEGSSSPTTAGGTSIQTSTPSERTTPLAGMPVSTTLVVSSEGNTLSTTPVDSKTQVTNSTEASSSATAEGSSMTISAPSEGSPLLTSIPLSTTPVASPEASTLSTTPVDSNSPVITSTEVSSSPIPTEGTSMQTSTYSDRRTPLTSMPVSTTVVASSAISTLSTTPVDTSTPVTNSTEARSSPTTSEGTSMPTSTPSEGSTPFTSMPVSTMPVVTSEASTLSATPVDTSTPVTTSTEATSSPTTAEGTSIPTSTLSEGTTPLTSIPVSHTLVANSEVSTLSTTPVDSNTPFTTSTEASSPPPTAEGTSMPTSTSSEGNTPLTRMPVSTTMVASFETSTLSTTPADTSTPVTTYSQAGSSPTTADDTSMPTSTYSEGSTPLTSVPVSTMPVVSSEASTHSTTPVDTSTPVTTSTEASSSPTTAEGTSIPTSPPSEGTTPLASMPVSTTPVVSSEAGTLSTTPVDTSTPMTTSTEASSSPTTAEDIVVPISTASEGSTLLTSIPVSTTPVASPEASTLSTTPVDSNSPVVTSTEISSSATSAEGTSMPTSTYSEGSTPLRSMPVSTKPLASSEASTLSTTPVDTSIPVTTSTETSSSPTTAKDTSMPISTPSEVSTSLTSILVSTMPVASSEASTLSTTPVDTRTLVTTSTGTSSSPTTAEGSSMPTSTPGERSTPLTNILVSTTLLANSEASTLSTTPVDTSTPVTTSAEASSSPTTAEGTSMRISTPSDGSTPLTSILVSTLPVASSEASTVSTTAVDTSIPVTTSTEASSSPTTAEVTSMPTSTPSETSTPLTSMPVNHTPVASSEAGTLSTTPVDTSTPVTTSTKASSSPTTAEGIVVPISTASEGSTLLTSIPVSTTPVASSEASTLSTTPVDTSIPVTTSTEGSSSPTTAEGTSMPISTPSEVSTPLTSILVSTVPVAGSEASTLSTTPVDTRTPVTTSAEASSSPTTAEGTSMPISTPGERRTPLTSMSVSTMPVASSEASTLSRTPADTSTPVTTSTEASSSPTTAEGTGIPISTPSEGSTPLTSIPVSTTPVAIPEASTLSTTPVDSNSPVVTSTEVSSSPTPAEGTSMPISTYSEGSTPLTGVPVSTTPVTSSAISTLSTTPVDTSTPVTTSTEAHSSPTTSEGTSMPTSTPSEGSTPLTYMPVSTMLVVSSEDSTLSATPVDTSTPVTTSTEATSSTTAEGTSIPTSTPSEGMTPLTSVPVSNTPVASSEASILSTTPVDSNTPLTTSTEASSSPPTAEGTSMPTSTPSEGSTPLTSMPVSTTTVASSETSTLSTTPADTSTPVTTYSQASSSPPIADGTSMPTSTYSEGSTPLTNMSFSTTPVVSSEASTLSTTPVDTSTPVTTSTEASLSPTTAEGTSIPTSSPSEGTTPLASMPVSTTPVVSSEVNTLSTTPVDSNTLVTTSTEASSSPTIAEGTSLPTSTTSEGSTPLSIMPLSTTPVASSEASTLSTTPVDTSTPVTTSSPTNSSPTTAEVTSMPTSTAGEGSTPLTNMPVSTTPVASSEASTLSTTPVDSNTFVTSSSQASSSPATLQVTTMRMSTPSEGSSSLTTMLLSSTYVTSSEASTPSTPSVDRSTPVTTSTQSNSTPTPPEVITLPMSTPSEVSTPLTIMPVSTTSVTISEAGTASTLPVDTSTPVITSTQVSSSPVTPEGTTMPIWTPSEGSTPLTTMPVSTTRVTSSEGSTLSTPSVVTSTPVTTSTEAISSSATLDSTTMSVSMPMEISTLGTTILVSTTPVTRFPESSTPSIPSVYTSMSMTTASEGSSSPTTLEGTTTMPMSTTSERSTLLTTVLISPISVMSPSEASTLSTPPGDTSTPLLTSTKAGSFSIPAEVTTIRISITSERSTPLTTLLVSTTLPTSFPGASIASTPPLDTSTTFTPSTDTASTPTIPVATTISVSVITEGSTPGTTIFIPSTPVTSSTADVFPATTGAVSTPVITSTELNTPSTSSSSTTTSFSTTKEFTTPAMTTAAPLTYVTMSTAPSTPRTTSRGCTTSASTLSATSTPHTSTSVTTRPVTPSSESSRPSTITSHTIPPTFPPAHSSTPPTTSASSTTVNPEAVTTMTTRTKPSTRTTSFPTVTTTAVPTNTTIKSNPTSTPTVPRTTTCFGDGCQNTASRCKNGGTWDGLKCQCPNLYYGELCEEVVSSIDIGPPETISAQMELTVTVTSVKFTEELKNHSSQEFQEFKQTFTEQMNIVYSGIPEYVGVNITKLRLGSVVVEHDVLLRTKYTPEYKTVLDNATEVVKEKITKVTTQQIMINDICSDMMCFNTTGTQVQNITVTQYDPEEDCRKMAKEYGDYFVVEYRDQKPYCISPCEPGFSVSKNCNLGKCQMSLSGPQCLCVTTETHWYSGETCNQGTQKSLVYGLVGAGVVLMLIILVALLMLVFRSKREVKRQKYRLSQLYKWQEEDSGPAPGTFQNIGFDICQDDDSIHLESIYSNFQPSLRHIDPETKIRIQRPQVMTTSF*
chr7:101035696:G/T:1	chr7	101035696	G|T	1	MUC17	NR_133665	140453	non-coding	4333	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:101171542:A/G:1	chr7	101171542	A|G	1	NAT16	NM_198571	375607	3utr	1903	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:101174350:G/T:1	chr7	101174350	G|T	1	NAT16	NM_198571	375607	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	146	None
chr7:103210401:A/G:1	chr7	103210401	A|G	1	DPY19L2P2	NR_003561	349152	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr7:103210401:A/G:1	chr7	103210401	A|G	1	DPY19L2P2	NR_027768	349152	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	88	None
chr7:105206113:T/C:1	chr7	105206113	T|C	1	SRPK2	NM_001278273	6733	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2328	None
chr7:105206113:T/C:1	chr7	105206113	T|C	1	SRPK2	NM_001350738	6733	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2328	None
chr7:105206113:T/C:1	chr7	105206113	T|C	1	SRPK2	NM_001350739	6733	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2328	None
chr7:105206113:T/C:1	chr7	105206113	T|C	1	SRPK2	NM_001350742	6733	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2328	None
chr7:105206113:T/C:1	chr7	105206113	T|C	1	SRPK2	NM_001350743	6733	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2328	None
chr7:105206113:T/C:1	chr7	105206113	T|C	1	SRPK2	NM_001350744	6733	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2328	None
chr7:105206113:T/C:1	chr7	105206113	T|C	1	SRPK2	NM_001350745	6733	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2328	None
chr7:105206113:T/C:1	chr7	105206113	T|C	1	SRPK2	NM_001350746	6733	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2328	None
chr7:105206113:T/C:1	chr7	105206113	T|C	1	SRPK2	NM_182691	6733	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2328	None
chr7:105206113:T/C:1	chr7	105206113	T|C	1	SRPK2	NM_001350740	6733	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2328	None
chr7:105206113:T/C:1	chr7	105206113	T|C	1	SRPK2	NM_001350741	6733	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2328	None
chr7:105206113:T/C:1	chr7	105206113	T|C	1	SRPK2	NM_182692	6733	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2328	None
chr7:107186166:C/T:1	chr7	107186166	C|T	1	HBP1	NM_001244262	26959	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	195	None
chr7:107186166:C/T:1	chr7	107186166	C|T	1	HBP1	NM_012257	26959	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	195	None
chr7:108168322:C/T:1	chr7	108168322	C|T	1	NRCAM	NM_001193582	4897	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7000	None
chr7:108168322:C/T:1	chr7	108168322	C|T	1	NRCAM	NM_001193583	4897	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7000	None
chr7:108168322:C/T:1	chr7	108168322	C|T	1	NRCAM	NM_001193584	4897	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7830	None
chr7:108168322:C/T:1	chr7	108168322	C|T	1	NRCAM	NM_005010	4897	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7830	None
chr7:108168322:C/T:1	chr7	108168322	C|T	1	NRCAM	NM_001037132	4897	coding	3278	3268	1090	G>R	nonsyn	None	MQLKIMPKKKRLSAGRVPLILFLCQMISALEVPLDPKLLEDLVQPPTITQQSPKDYIIDPRENIVIQCEAKGKPPPSFSWTRNGTHFDIDKDPLVTMKPGTGTLIINIMSEGKAETYEGVYQCTARNERGAAVSNNIVVRPSRSPLWTKEKLEPITLQSGQSLVLPCRPPIGLPPPIIFWMDNSFQRLPQSERVSQGLNGDLYFSNVLPEDTREDYICYARFNHTQTIQQKQPISVKVISVDELNDTIAANLSDTEFYGAKSSRERPPTFLTPEGNASNKEELRGNVLSLECIAEGLPTPIIYWAKEDGMLPKNRTVYKNFEKTLQIIHVSEADSGNYQCIAKNALGAIHHTISVRVKAAPYWITAPQNLVLSPGEDGTLICRANGNPKPRISWLTNGVPIEIAPDDPSRKIDGDTIIFSNVQERSSAVYQCNASNEYGYLLANAFVNVLAEPPRILTPANTLYQVIANRPALLDCAFFGSPLPTIEWFKGAKGSALHEDIYVLHENGTLEIPVAQKDSTGTYTCVARNKLGMAKNEVHLEIKDPTWIVKQPEYAVVQRGSMVSFECKVKHDHTLSLTVLWLKDNRELPSDERFTVDKDHLVVADVSDDDSGTYTCVANTTLDSVSASAVLSVVAPTPTPAPVYDVPNPPFDLELTDQLDKSVQLSWTPGDDNNSPITKFIIEYEDAMHKPGLWHHQTEVSGTQTTAQLKLSPYVNYSFRVMAVNSIGKSLPSEASEQYLTKASEPDKNPTAVEGLGSEPDNLVITWKPLNGFESNGPGLQYKVSWRQKDGDDEWTSVVVANVSKYIVSGTPTFVPYLIKVQALNDMGFAPEPAVVMGHSGEDLPMVAPGNVRVNVVNSTLAEVHWDPVPLKSIRGHLQGYRIYYWKTQSSSKRNRRHIEKKILTFQGSKTHGMLPGLEPFSHYTLNVRVVNGKGEGPASPDRVFNTPEGVPSAPSSLKIVNPTLDSLTLEWDPPSHPNGILTEYTLKYQPINSTHELGPLVDLKIPANKTRWTLKNLNFSTRYKFYFYAQTSAGSGSQITEEAVTTVDEAGILPPDVGAGKVQAVNPRISNLTAAAAETYANISWEYEGPEHVNFYVEYGVAGSKEEWRKEIVNGSRSFFGLKGLMPGTAYKVRVGAVGDSGFVSSEDVFETGPAMASRQVDIATQGWFIGLMCAVALLILILLIVCFIRRNKGGKYPVKEKEDAHADPEIQPMKEDDGTFGEYSDAEDHKPLKKGSRTPSDRTVKKEDSDDSLVDYGEGVNGQFNEDGSFIGQYSGKKEKEPAEGNESSEAPSPVNAMNSFV*|MQLKIMPKKKRLSAGRVPLILFLCQMISALEVPLDPKLLEDLVQPPTITQQSPKDYIIDPRENIVIQCEAKGKPPPSFSWTRNGTHFDIDKDPLVTMKPGTGTLIINIMSEGKAETYEGVYQCTARNERGAAVSNNIVVRPSRSPLWTKEKLEPITLQSGQSLVLPCRPPIGLPPPIIFWMDNSFQRLPQSERVSQGLNGDLYFSNVLPEDTREDYICYARFNHTQTIQQKQPISVKVISVDELNDTIAANLSDTEFYGAKSSRERPPTFLTPEGNASNKEELRGNVLSLECIAEGLPTPIIYWAKEDGMLPKNRTVYKNFEKTLQIIHVSEADSGNYQCIAKNALGAIHHTISVRVKAAPYWITAPQNLVLSPGEDGTLICRANGNPKPRISWLTNGVPIEIAPDDPSRKIDGDTIIFSNVQERSSAVYQCNASNEYGYLLANAFVNVLAEPPRILTPANTLYQVIANRPALLDCAFFGSPLPTIEWFKGAKGSALHEDIYVLHENGTLEIPVAQKDSTGTYTCVARNKLGMAKNEVHLEIKDPTWIVKQPEYAVVQRGSMVSFECKVKHDHTLSLTVLWLKDNRELPSDERFTVDKDHLVVADVSDDDSGTYTCVANTTLDSVSASAVLSVVAPTPTPAPVYDVPNPPFDLELTDQLDKSVQLSWTPGDDNNSPITKFIIEYEDAMHKPGLWHHQTEVSGTQTTAQLKLSPYVNYSFRVMAVNSIGKSLPSEASEQYLTKASEPDKNPTAVEGLGSEPDNLVITWKPLNGFESNGPGLQYKVSWRQKDGDDEWTSVVVANVSKYIVSGTPTFVPYLIKVQALNDMGFAPEPAVVMGHSGEDLPMVAPGNVRVNVVNSTLAEVHWDPVPLKSIRGHLQGYRIYYWKTQSSSKRNRRHIEKKILTFQGSKTHGMLPGLEPFSHYTLNVRVVNGKGEGPASPDRVFNTPEGVPSAPSSLKIVNPTLDSLTLEWDPPSHPNGILTEYTLKYQPINSTHELGPLVDLKIPANKTRWTLKNLNFSTRYKFYFYAQTSAGSGSQITEEAVTTVDEAGILPPDVGAGKVQAVNPRISNLTAAAAETYANISWEYERPEHVNFYVEYGVAGSKEEWRKEIVNGSRSFFGLKGLMPGTAYKVRVGAVGDSGFVSSEDVFETGPAMASRQVDIATQGWFIGLMCAVALLILILLIVCFIRRNKGGKYPVKEKEDAHADPEIQPMKEDDGTFGEYSDAEDHKPLKKGSRTPSDRTVKKEDSDDSLVDYGEGVNGQFNEDGSFIGQYSGKKEKEPAEGNESSEAPSPVNAMNSFV*
chr7:111808804:C/T:1	chr7	111808804	C|T	1	DOCK4	NM_001363540	9732	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr7:111808804:C/T:1	chr7	111808804	C|T	1	DOCK4	NM_014705	9732	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	17	None
chr7:111808804:C/T:1	chr7	111808804	C|T	1	DOCK4-AS1	NR_103806	100506413	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	191	None
chr7:117542008:A/T:1	chr7	117542008	A|T	1	CFTR	NM_000492	1080	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8	None
chr7:117542008:A/T:1	chr7	117542008	A|T	1	CFTR-AS1	NR_149084	111082987	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:121182504:G/T:1	chr7	121182504	G|T	1	CPED1	NM_001105533	79974	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	40363	None
chr7:121182504:G/T:1	chr7	121182504	G|T	1	CPED1	NM_024913	79974	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	40363	None
chr7:128726051:G/T:1	chr7	128726051	G|T	1	FAM71F1	NM_032599	84691	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	777	None
chr7:128726051:G/T:1	chr7	128726051	G|T	1	FAM71F1	NM_001282788	84691	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	783	None
chr7:128726051:G/T:1	chr7	128726051	G|T	1	FAM71F1	NM_001282789	84691	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	783	None
chr7:128726051:G/T:1	chr7	128726051	G|T	1	FAM71F1	NR_104242	84691	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	783	None
chr7:128726051:G/T:1	chr7	128726051	G|T	1	FAM71F1	NR_104243	84691	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	783	None
chr7:128850499:T/C:1	chr7	128850499	T|C	1	FLNC-AS1	NR_149055	110806300	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	94	None
chr7:128850499:T/C:1	chr7	128850499	T|C	1	FLNC	NM_001127487	2318	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	16	None
chr7:128850499:T/C:1	chr7	128850499	T|C	1	FLNC	NM_001458	2318	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	16	None
chr7:137665038:C/A:1	chr7	137665038	C|A	1	DGKI	NM_001321708	9162	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8498	None
chr7:137665038:C/A:1	chr7	137665038	C|A	1	DGKI	NM_001321709	9162	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8498	None
chr7:137665038:C/A:1	chr7	137665038	C|A	1	DGKI	NM_001321710	9162	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8498	None
chr7:137665038:C/A:1	chr7	137665038	C|A	1	DGKI	NM_004717	9162	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8498	None
chr7:139865711:G/A:1	chr7	139865711	G|A	1	TBXAS1	NM_001166254	6916	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6524	None
chr7:139865711:G/A:1	chr7	139865711	G|A	1	TBXAS1	NM_001061	6916	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6524	None
chr7:139865711:G/A:1	chr7	139865711	G|A	1	TBXAS1	NM_001130966	6916	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6524	None
chr7:139865711:G/A:1	chr7	139865711	G|A	1	TBXAS1	NM_001166253	6916	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6524	None
chr7:139865711:G/A:1	chr7	139865711	G|A	1	TBXAS1	NM_001314028	6916	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6524	None
chr7:139865711:G/A:1	chr7	139865711	G|A	1	TBXAS1	NM_001366537	6916	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6524	None
chr7:139865711:G/A:1	chr7	139865711	G|A	1	TBXAS1	NM_001366538	6916	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6524	None
chr7:139865711:G/A:1	chr7	139865711	G|A	1	TBXAS1	NM_030984	6916	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6524	None
chr7:140705050:A/G:1	chr7	140705050	A|G	1	NDUFB2	NM_004546	4708	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	87	None
chr7:142093478:C/A:1	chr7	142093478	C|A	1	MGAM	NM_004668	8972	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1142	None
chr7:142093478:C/A:1	chr7	142093478	C|A	1	MGAM	NM_001365693	8972	coding	7154	7100	2367	P>Q	nonsyn	None	MARKKLKKFTTLEIVLSVLLLVLFIISIVLIVLLAKESLKSTAPDPGTTGTPDPGTTGTPDPGTTGTTHARTTGPPDPGTTGTTPVSAECPVVNELERINCIPDQPPTKATCDQRGCCWNPQGAVSVPWCYYSKNHSYHVEGNLVNTNAGFTARLKNLPSSPVFGSNVDNVLLTAEYQTSNRFHFKLTDQTNNRFEVPHEHVQSFSGNAAASLTYQVEISRQPFSIKVTRRSNNRVLFDSSIGPLLFADQFLQLSTRLPSTNVYGLGEHVHQQYRHDMNWKTWPIFNRDTTPNGNGTNLYGAQTFFLCLEDASGLSFGVFLMNSNAMEVVLQPAPAITYRTIGGILDFYVFLGNTPEQVVQEYLELIGRPALPSYWALGFHLSRYEYGTLDNMREVVERNRAAQLPYDVQHADIDYMDERRDFTYDSVDFKGFPEFVNELHNNGQKLVIIVDPAISNNSSSSKPYGPYDRGSDMKIWVNSSDGVTPLIGEVWPGQTVFPDYTNPNCAVWWTKEFELFHNQVEFDGIWIDMNEVSNFVDGSVSGCSTNNLNNPPFTPRILDGYLFCKTLCMDAVQHWGKQYDIHNLYGYSMAVATAEAAKTVFPNKRSFILTRSTFAGSGKFAAHWLGDNTATWDDLRWSIPGVLEFNLFGIPMVGPDICGFALDTPEELCRRWMQLGAFYPFSRNHNGQGYKDQDPASFGADSLLLNSSRHYLNIRYTLLPYLYTLFFRAHSRGDTVARPLLHEFYEDNSTWDVHQQFLWGPGLLITPVLDEGAEKVMAYVPDAVWYDYETGSQVRWRKQKVEMELPGDKIGLHLRGGYIFPTQQPNTTTLASRKNPLGLIIALDENKEAKGELFWDNGETKDTVANKVYLLCEFSVTQNRLEVNISQSTYKDPNNLAFNEIKILGTEEPSNVTVKHNGVPSQTSPTVTYDSNLKVAIITDIDLLLGEAYTVEWSIKIRDEEKIDCYPDENGASAENCTARGCIWEASNSSGVPFCYFVNDLYSVSDVQYNSHGATADISLKSSVYANAFPSTPVNPLRLDVTYHKNEMLQFKIYDPNKNRYEVPVPLNIPSMPSSTPEGQLYDVLIKKNPFGIEIRRKSTGTIIWDSQLLGFTFSDMFIRISTRLPSKYLYGFGETEHRSYRRDLEWHTWGMFSRDQPPGYKKNSYGVHPYYMGLEEDGSAHGVLLLNSNAMDVTFQPLPALTYRTTGGVLDFYVFLGPTPELVTQQYTELIGRPVMVPYWSLGFQLCRYGYQNDSEIASLYDEMVAAQIPYDVQYSDIDYMERQLDFTLSPKFAGFPALINRMKADGMRVILILDPAISGNETQPYPAFTRGVEDDVFIKYPNDGDIVWGKVWPDFPDVVVNGSLDWDSQVELYRAYVAFPDFFRNSTAKWWKREIEELYNNPQNPERSLKFDGMWIDMNEPSSFVNGAVSPGCRDASLNHPPYMPHLESRDRGLSSKTLCMESQQILPDGSLVQHYNVHNLYGWSQTRPTYEAVQEVTGQRGVVITRSTFPSSGRWAGHWLGDNTAAWDQLKKSIIGMMEFSLFGISYTGADICGFFQDAEYEMCVRWMQLGAFYPFSRNHNTIGTRRQDPVSWDAAFVNISRNVLQTRYTLLPYLYTLMQKAHTEGVTVVRPLLHEFVSDQVTWDIDSQFLLGPAFLVSPVLERNARNVTAYFPRARWYDYYTGVDINARGEWKTLPAPLDHINLHVRGGYILPWQEPALNTHLSRKNPLGLIIALDENKEAKGELFWDDGQTKDTVAKKVYLLCEFSVTQNHLEVTISQSTYKDPNNLAFNEIKILGMEEPSNVTVKHNGVPSQTSPTVTYDSNLKVAIITDINLFLGEAYTVEWSIKIRDEEKIDCYPDENGDSAENCTARGCIWEASNSSGVPFCYFVNDLYSVSDVQYNSHGATADISLKSSVHANAFPSTPVNPLRLDVTYHKNEMLQFKIYDPNNNRYEVPVPLNIPSVPSSTPEGQLYDVLIKKNPFGIEIRRKSTGTIIWDSQLLGFTFNDMFIRISTRLPSKYLYGFGETEHTSYRRDLEWHTWGMFSRDQPPGYKKNSYGVHPYYMGLEEDGSAHGVLLLNSNAMDVTFQPLPALTYRTTGGVLDFYVFLGPTPELVTQQYTELIGRPVMVPYWSLGFQLCRYGYQNDSEISSLYDEMVAAQIPYDVQYSDIDYMERQLDFTLSPKFAGFPALINRMKADGMRVILILDPAISGNETQPYPAFTRGVEDDVFIKYPNDGDIVWGKVWPDFPDVVVNGSLDWDSQVELYRAYVAFPDFFRNSTAKWWKREIEELYNNPQNPERSLKFDGMWIDMNEPSSFVNGAVSPGCRDASLNHPPYMPYLESRDRGLSSKTLCMESQQILPDGSPVQHYNVHNLYGWSQTRPTYEAVQEVTGQRGVVITRSTFPSSGRWAGHWLGDNTAAWDQLKKSIIGMMEFSLFGISYTGADICGFFQDAEYEMCVRWMQLGAFYPFSRNHNTIGTRRQDPVSWDVAFVNISRTVLQTRYTLLPYLYTLMHKAHTEGVTVVRPLLHEFVSDQVTWDIDSQFLLGPAFLVSPVLERNARNVTAYFPRARWYDYYTGVDINARGEWKTLPAPLDHINLHVRGGYILPWQEPALNTHLSRQKFMGFKIALDDEGTAGGWLFWDDGQSIDTYGKGLYYLASFSASQNTMQSHIIFNNYITGTNPLKLGYIEIWGVGSVPVTSVSISVSGMVITPSFNNDPTTQVLSIDVTDRNISLHNFTSLTWISTL*|MARKKLKKFTTLEIVLSVLLLVLFIISIVLIVLLAKESLKSTAPDPGTTGTPDPGTTGTPDPGTTGTTHARTTGPPDPGTTGTTPVSAECPVVNELERINCIPDQPPTKATCDQRGCCWNPQGAVSVPWCYYSKNHSYHVEGNLVNTNAGFTARLKNLPSSPVFGSNVDNVLLTAEYQTSNRFHFKLTDQTNNRFEVPHEHVQSFSGNAAASLTYQVEISRQPFSIKVTRRSNNRVLFDSSIGPLLFADQFLQLSTRLPSTNVYGLGEHVHQQYRHDMNWKTWPIFNRDTTPNGNGTNLYGAQTFFLCLEDASGLSFGVFLMNSNAMEVVLQPAPAITYRTIGGILDFYVFLGNTPEQVVQEYLELIGRPALPSYWALGFHLSRYEYGTLDNMREVVERNRAAQLPYDVQHADIDYMDERRDFTYDSVDFKGFPEFVNELHNNGQKLVIIVDPAISNNSSSSKPYGPYDRGSDMKIWVNSSDGVTPLIGEVWPGQTVFPDYTNPNCAVWWTKEFELFHNQVEFDGIWIDMNEVSNFVDGSVSGCSTNNLNNPPFTPRILDGYLFCKTLCMDAVQHWGKQYDIHNLYGYSMAVATAEAAKTVFPNKRSFILTRSTFAGSGKFAAHWLGDNTATWDDLRWSIPGVLEFNLFGIPMVGPDICGFALDTPEELCRRWMQLGAFYPFSRNHNGQGYKDQDPASFGADSLLLNSSRHYLNIRYTLLPYLYTLFFRAHSRGDTVARPLLHEFYEDNSTWDVHQQFLWGPGLLITPVLDEGAEKVMAYVPDAVWYDYETGSQVRWRKQKVEMELPGDKIGLHLRGGYIFPTQQPNTTTLASRKNPLGLIIALDENKEAKGELFWDNGETKDTVANKVYLLCEFSVTQNRLEVNISQSTYKDPNNLAFNEIKILGTEEPSNVTVKHNGVPSQTSPTVTYDSNLKVAIITDIDLLLGEAYTVEWSIKIRDEEKIDCYPDENGASAENCTARGCIWEASNSSGVPFCYFVNDLYSVSDVQYNSHGATADISLKSSVYANAFPSTPVNPLRLDVTYHKNEMLQFKIYDPNKNRYEVPVPLNIPSMPSSTPEGQLYDVLIKKNPFGIEIRRKSTGTIIWDSQLLGFTFSDMFIRISTRLPSKYLYGFGETEHRSYRRDLEWHTWGMFSRDQPPGYKKNSYGVHPYYMGLEEDGSAHGVLLLNSNAMDVTFQPLPALTYRTTGGVLDFYVFLGPTPELVTQQYTELIGRPVMVPYWSLGFQLCRYGYQNDSEIASLYDEMVAAQIPYDVQYSDIDYMERQLDFTLSPKFAGFPALINRMKADGMRVILILDPAISGNETQPYPAFTRGVEDDVFIKYPNDGDIVWGKVWPDFPDVVVNGSLDWDSQVELYRAYVAFPDFFRNSTAKWWKREIEELYNNPQNPERSLKFDGMWIDMNEPSSFVNGAVSPGCRDASLNHPPYMPHLESRDRGLSSKTLCMESQQILPDGSLVQHYNVHNLYGWSQTRPTYEAVQEVTGQRGVVITRSTFPSSGRWAGHWLGDNTAAWDQLKKSIIGMMEFSLFGISYTGADICGFFQDAEYEMCVRWMQLGAFYPFSRNHNTIGTRRQDPVSWDAAFVNISRNVLQTRYTLLPYLYTLMQKAHTEGVTVVRPLLHEFVSDQVTWDIDSQFLLGPAFLVSPVLERNARNVTAYFPRARWYDYYTGVDINARGEWKTLPAPLDHINLHVRGGYILPWQEPALNTHLSRKNPLGLIIALDENKEAKGELFWDDGQTKDTVAKKVYLLCEFSVTQNHLEVTISQSTYKDPNNLAFNEIKILGMEEPSNVTVKHNGVPSQTSPTVTYDSNLKVAIITDINLFLGEAYTVEWSIKIRDEEKIDCYPDENGDSAENCTARGCIWEASNSSGVPFCYFVNDLYSVSDVQYNSHGATADISLKSSVHANAFPSTPVNPLRLDVTYHKNEMLQFKIYDPNNNRYEVPVPLNIPSVPSSTPEGQLYDVLIKKNPFGIEIRRKSTGTIIWDSQLLGFTFNDMFIRISTRLPSKYLYGFGETEHTSYRRDLEWHTWGMFSRDQPPGYKKNSYGVHPYYMGLEEDGSAHGVLLLNSNAMDVTFQPLPALTYRTTGGVLDFYVFLGPTPELVTQQYTELIGRPVMVPYWSLGFQLCRYGYQNDSEISSLYDEMVAAQIPYDVQYSDIDYMERQLDFTLSPKFAGFPALINRMKADGMRVILILDPAISGNETQPYPAFTRGVEDDVFIKYPNDGDIVWGKVWPDFPDVVVNGSLDWDSQVELYRAYVAFPDFFRNSTAKWWKREIEELYNNPQNPERSLKFDGMWIDMNEPSSFVNGAVSPGCRDASLNHPPYMPYLESRDRGLSSKTLCMESQQILQDGSPVQHYNVHNLYGWSQTRPTYEAVQEVTGQRGVVITRSTFPSSGRWAGHWLGDNTAAWDQLKKSIIGMMEFSLFGISYTGADICGFFQDAEYEMCVRWMQLGAFYPFSRNHNTIGTRRQDPVSWDVAFVNISRTVLQTRYTLLPYLYTLMHKAHTEGVTVVRPLLHEFVSDQVTWDIDSQFLLGPAFLVSPVLERNARNVTAYFPRARWYDYYTGVDINARGEWKTLPAPLDHINLHVRGGYILPWQEPALNTHLSRQKFMGFKIALDDEGTAGGWLFWDDGQSIDTYGKGLYYLASFSASQNTMQSHIIFNNYITGTNPLKLGYIEIWGVGSVPVTSVSISVSGMVITPSFNNDPTTQVLSIDVTDRNISLHNFTSLTWISTL*
chr7:142863808:C/A:1	chr7	142863808	C|A	1	TCAF2	NM_001130026	285966	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	129912	None
chr7:142863808:C/A:1	chr7	142863808	C|A	1	TCAF2	NM_001363538	285966	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	129912	None
chr7:142863808:C/A:1	chr7	142863808	C|A	1	EPHB6	NM_001280794	2051	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	158	None
chr7:142863808:C/A:1	chr7	142863808	C|A	1	EPHB6	NM_001280795	2051	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	158	None
chr7:142863808:C/A:1	chr7	142863808	C|A	1	EPHB6	NM_004445	2051	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	113	None
chr7:142863808:C/A:1	chr7	142863808	C|A	1	EPHB6	NR_104001	2051	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	113	None
chr7:143292189:T/C:1	chr7	143292189	T|C	1	TCAF2	NM_001130026	285966	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	148942	None
chr7:143292189:T/C:1	chr7	143292189	T|C	1	TCAF2	NM_001363538	285966	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	148942	None
chr7:143292189:T/C:1	chr7	143292189	T|C	1	CASP2	NM_001224	835	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	111	None
chr7:143292189:T/C:1	chr7	143292189	T|C	1	CASP2	NM_032982	835	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	111	None
chr7:143292189:T/C:1	chr7	143292189	T|C	1	CASP2	NM_032983	835	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	111	None
chr7:144276098:A/C:1	chr7	144276098	A|C	1	LOC101928605	NR_126022	101928605	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4374	None
chr7:144276098:A/C:1	chr7	144276098	A|C	1	OR2A1-AS1	NR_126023	101928492	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35138	None
chr7:144276098:A/C:1	chr7	144276098	A|C	1	OR2A1-AS1	NR_126023	101928492	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35493	None
chr7:144276098:A/C:1	chr7	144276098	A|C	1	LOC101928605	NR_126022	101928605	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	23604	None
chr7:144276098:A/C:1	chr7	144276098	A|C	1	ARHGEF34P	NR_033942	728377	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	254	None
chr7:149617861:G/T:1	chr7	149617861	G|T	1	ZNF767P	NR_027789	79970	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2063	None
chr7:149617861:G/T:1	chr7	149617861	G|T	1	ZNF767P	NR_027788	79970	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2063	None
chr7:151010230:G/T:1	chr7	151010230	G|T	1	ATG9B	NR_073169	285973	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:151010230:G/T:1	chr7	151010230	G|T	1	ATG9B	NR_133652	285973	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr7:151010230:G/T:1	chr7	151010230	G|T	1	NOS3	NM_000603	4846	coding	2963	2628	876	L>L	syn	None	MGNLKSVAQEPGPPCGLGLGLGLGLCGKQGPATPAPEPSRAPASLLPPAPEHSPPSSPLTQPPEGPKFPRVKNWEVGSITYDTLSAQAQQDGPCTPRRCLGSLVFPRKLQGRPSPGPPAPEQLLSQARDFINQYYSSIKRSGSQAHEQRLQEVEAEVAATGTYQLRESELVFGAKQAWRNAPRCVGRIQWGKLQVFDARDCRSAQEMFTYICNHIKYATNRGNLRSAITVFPQRCPGRGDFRIWNSQLVRYAGYRQQDGSVRGDPANVEITELCIQHGWTPGNGRFDVLPLLLQAPDDPPELFLLPPELVLEVPLEHPTLEWFAALGLRWYALPAVSNMLLEIGGLEFPAAPFSGWYMSTEIGTRNLCDPHRYNILEDVAVCMDLDTRTTSSLWKDKAAVEINVAVLHSYQLAKVTIVDHHAATASFMKHLENEQKARGGCPADWAWIVPPISGSLTPVFHQEMVNYFLSPAFRYQPDPWKGSAAKGTGITRKKTFKEVANAVKISASLMGTVMAKRVKATILYGSETGRAQSYAQQLGRLFRKAFDPRVLCMDEYDVVSLEHETLVLVVTSTFGNGDPPENGESFAAALMEMSGPYNSSPRPEQHKSYKIRFNSISCSDPLVSSWRRKRKESSNTDSAGALGTLRFCVFGLGSRAYPHFCAFARAVDTRLEELGGERLLQLGQGDELCGQEEAFRGWAQAAFQAACETFCVGEDAKAAARDIFSPKRSWKRQRYRLSAQAEGLQLLPGLIHVHRRKMFQATIRSVENLQSSKSTRATILVRLDTGGQEGLQYQPGDHIGVCPPNRPGLVEALLSRVEDPPAPTEPVAVEQLEKGSPGGPPPGWVRDPRLPPCTLRQALTFFLDITSPPSPQLLRLLSTLAEEPREQQELEALSQDPRRYEEWKWFRCPTLLEVLEQFPSVALPAPLLLTQLPLLQPRYYSVSSAPSTHPGEIHLTVAVLAYRTQDGLGPLHYGVCSTWLSQLKPGDPVPCFIRGAPSFRLPPDPSLPCILVGPGTGIAPFRGFWQERLHDIESKGLQPTPMTLVFGCRCSQLDHLYRDEVQNAQQRGVFGRVLTAFSREPDNPKTYVQDILRTELAAEVHRVLCLERGHMFVCGDVTMATNVLQTVQRILATEGDMELDEAGDVIGVLRDQQRYHEDIFGLTLRTQEVTSRIRTQSFSLQERQLRGAVPWAFDPPGSDTNSP*
chr7:159142629:C/A:1	chr7	159142629	C|A	1	VIPR2	NM_001304522	7434	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr7:159142629:C/A:1	chr7	159142629	C|A	1	VIPR2	NM_003382	7434	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr7:159142629:C/A:1	chr7	159142629	C|A	1	VIPR2	NR_130758	7434	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	84	None
chr8:213692:C/A:1	chr8	213692	C|A	1	RPL23AP53	NR_003572	644128	non-coding	441	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr8:2127506:T/C:1	chr8	2127506	T|C	1	MYOM2	NM_003970	9172	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1621	None
chr8:2129245:G/C:1	chr8	2129245	G|C	1	MYOM2	NM_003970	9172	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	13	None
chr8:2978444:T/C:1	chr8	2978444	T|C	1	CSMD1	NM_033225	64478	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	168	None
chr8:9776590:C/A:1	chr8	9776590	C|A	1	TNKS	NM_003747	8658	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chr8:11847933:G/T:1	chr8	11847933	G|T	1	CTSB	NM_001317237	1508	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	111	None
chr8:11847933:G/T:1	chr8	11847933	G|T	1	CTSB	NM_001908	1508	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	111	None
chr8:11847933:G/T:1	chr8	11847933	G|T	1	CTSB	NM_147780	1508	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	111	None
chr8:11847933:G/T:1	chr8	11847933	G|T	1	CTSB	NM_147781	1508	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	111	None
chr8:11847933:G/T:1	chr8	11847933	G|T	1	CTSB	NM_147782	1508	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	111	None
chr8:11847933:G/T:1	chr8	11847933	G|T	1	CTSB	NM_147783	1508	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	111	None
chr8:12528574:A/C:1	chr8	12528574	A|C	1	LOC100506990	NR_040092	100506990	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2369	None
chr8:12528574:A/C:1	chr8	12528574	A|C	1	LOC100506990	NR_040091	100506990	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2369	None
chr8:12538427:A/T:1	chr8	12538427	A|T	1	LOC100506990	NR_040091	100506990	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7396	None
chr8:12538427:A/T:1	chr8	12538427	A|T	1	LOC100506990	NR_040092	100506990	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7396	None
chr8:12538427:A/T:1	chr8	12538427	A|T	1	LOC729732	NR_047662	729732	non-coding	2634	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr8:12538929:T/A:1	chr8	12538929	T|A	1	LOC100506990	NR_040091	100506990	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7898	None
chr8:12538929:T/A:1	chr8	12538929	T|A	1	LOC100506990	NR_040092	100506990	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7898	None
chr8:12538929:T/A:1	chr8	12538929	T|A	1	LOC729732	NR_047662	729732	non-coding	2132	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr8:12542366:T/A:1	chr8	12542366	T|A	1	LOC100506990	NR_040091	100506990	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7121	None
chr8:12542366:T/A:1	chr8	12542366	T|A	1	LOC100506990	NR_040092	100506990	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11335	None
chr8:12542366:T/A:1	chr8	12542366	T|A	1	LOC729732	NR_047662	729732	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3301	None
chr8:12546738:C/T:1	chr8	12546738	C|T	1	LOC100506990	NR_040091	100506990	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2749	None
chr8:12546738:C/T:1	chr8	12546738	C|T	1	LOC100506990	NR_040092	100506990	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	15707	None
chr8:12546738:C/T:1	chr8	12546738	C|T	1	LOC729732	NR_047662	729732	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7673	None
chr8:12569914:G/A:1	chr8	12569914	G|A	1	LOC729732	NR_047662	729732	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10914	None
chr8:12569920:G/A:1	chr8	12569920	G|A	1	LOC729732	NR_047662	729732	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10908	None
chr8:12575115:C/T:1	chr8	12575115	C|T	1	LOC729732	NR_047662	729732	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	5713	None
chr8:12583928:G/T:1	chr8	12583928	G|T	1	LOC729732	NR_047662	729732	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1865	None
chr8:22196292:A/C:1	chr8	22196292	A|C	1	BMP1	NM_001199	649	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	388	None
chr8:22196292:A/C:1	chr8	22196292	A|C	1	BMP1	NM_006129	649	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	388	None
chr8:22196292:A/C:1	chr8	22196292	A|C	1	BMP1	NR_033403	649	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	388	None
chr8:22196292:A/C:1	chr8	22196292	A|C	1	BMP1	NR_033404	649	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	388	None
chr8:22615430:G/T:1	chr8	22615430	G|T	1	CCAR2	NM_001363068	57805	coding	1642	1211	404	R>L	nonsyn	None	MSQFKRQRINPLPGGRNFSGTASTSLLGPPPGLLTPPVATELSQNARHLQGGEKQRVFTGIVTSLHDYFGVVDEEVFFQLSVVKGRLPQLGEKVLVKAAYNPGQAVPWNAVKVQTLSNQPLLKSPAPPLLHVAALGQKQGILGAQPQLIFQPHRIPPLFPQKPLSLFQTSHTLHLSHLNRFPARGPHGRLDQGRSDDYDSKKRKQRAGGEPWGAKKPRHDLPPYRVHLTPYTVDSPICDFLELQRRYRSLLVPSDFLSVHLSWLSAFPLSQPFSLHHPSRIQVSSEKEAAPDAGAEPITADSDPAYSSKVLLLSSPGLEELYRCCMLFVDDMAEPRETPEHPLKQIKFLLGRKEEEAVLVGGEWSPSLDGLDPQADPQVLVRTAIRCAQAQTGIDLSGCTKWWRFAEFQYLQPGPPRRLQTVVVYLPDVWTIMPTLEEWEALCQQKAAEAAPPTQEAQGETEPTEQAPDALEQAADTSRRNAETPEATTQQETDTDLPEAPPPPLEPAVIARPGCVNLSLHGIVEDRRPKERISFEVMVLAELFLEMLQRDFGYRVYKMLLSLPEKVVSPPEPEKEEAAKEEATKEEEAIKEEVVKEPKDEAQNEGPATESEAPLKEDGLLPKPLSSGGEEEEKPRGEASEDLCEMALDPELLLLRDDGEEEFGAKLEDSEVRSVASNQSEMEFSSLQDMPKELDPSAVLPLDCLLAFVFFDANWCGYLHRRDLERILLTLGIRLSAEQAKQLVSRVVTQNICQYRSLQYSRQEGLDGGLPEEVLFGNLDLLPPPGKSTKPGAAPTEHKALVSHNGSLINVGSLLQRAEQQDSGRLYLENKIHTLELKLEESHNRFSATEVTNKTLAAEMQELRVRLAEAEETARTAERQKSQLQRLLQELRRRLTPLQLEIQRVVEKADSWVEKEEPAPSN*|MSQFKRQRINPLPGGRNFSGTASTSLLGPPPGLLTPPVATELSQNARHLQGGEKQRVFTGIVTSLHDYFGVVDEEVFFQLSVVKGRLPQLGEKVLVKAAYNPGQAVPWNAVKVQTLSNQPLLKSPAPPLLHVAALGQKQGILGAQPQLIFQPHRIPPLFPQKPLSLFQTSHTLHLSHLNRFPARGPHGRLDQGRSDDYDSKKRKQRAGGEPWGAKKPRHDLPPYRVHLTPYTVDSPICDFLELQRRYRSLLVPSDFLSVHLSWLSAFPLSQPFSLHHPSRIQVSSEKEAAPDAGAEPITADSDPAYSSKVLLLSSPGLEELYRCCMLFVDDMAEPRETPEHPLKQIKFLLGRKEEEAVLVGGEWSPSLDGLDPQADPQVLVRTAIRCAQAQTGIDLSGCTKWWLFAEFQYLQPGPPRRLQTVVVYLPDVWTIMPTLEEWEALCQQKAAEAAPPTQEAQGETEPTEQAPDALEQAADTSRRNAETPEATTQQETDTDLPEAPPPPLEPAVIARPGCVNLSLHGIVEDRRPKERISFEVMVLAELFLEMLQRDFGYRVYKMLLSLPEKVVSPPEPEKEEAAKEEATKEEEAIKEEVVKEPKDEAQNEGPATESEAPLKEDGLLPKPLSSGGEEEEKPRGEASEDLCEMALDPELLLLRDDGEEEFGAKLEDSEVRSVASNQSEMEFSSLQDMPKELDPSAVLPLDCLLAFVFFDANWCGYLHRRDLERILLTLGIRLSAEQAKQLVSRVVTQNICQYRSLQYSRQEGLDGGLPEEVLFGNLDLLPPPGKSTKPGAAPTEHKALVSHNGSLINVGSLLQRAEQQDSGRLYLENKIHTLELKLEESHNRFSATEVTNKTLAAEMQELRVRLAEAEETARTAERQKSQLQRLLQELRRRLTPLQLEIQRVVEKADSWVEKEEPAPSN*
chr8:22615430:G/T:1	chr8	22615430	G|T	1	CCAR2	NM_001363069	57805	coding	1460	1211	404	R>L	nonsyn	None	MSQFKRQRINPLPGGRNFSGTASTSLLGPPPGLLTPPVATELSQNARHLQGGEKQRVFTGIVTSLHDYFGVVDEEVFFQLSVVKGRLPQLGEKVLVKAAYNPGQAVPWNAVKVQTLSNQPLLKSPAPPLLHVAALGQKQGILGAQPQLIFQPHRIPPLFPQKPLSLFQTSHTLHLSHLNRFPARGPHGRLDQGRSDDYDSKKRKQRAGGEPWGAKKPRHDLPPYRVHLTPYTVDSPICDFLELQRRYRSLLVPSDFLSVHLSWLSAFPLSQPFSLHHPSRIQVSSEKEAAPDAGAEPITADSDPAYSSKVLLLSSPGLEELYRCCMLFVDDMAEPRETPEHPLKQIKFLLGRKEEEAVLVGGEWSPSLDGLDPQADPQVLVRTAIRCAQAQTGIDLSGCTKWWRFAEFQYLQPGPPRRLQTVVVYLPDVWTIMPTLEEWEALCQQKAAEAAPPTQEAQGETEPTEQAPDALEQAADTSRRNAETPEATTQQETDTDLPEAPPPPLEPAVIARPGCVNLSLHGIVEDRRPKERISFEVMVLAELFLEMLQRDFGYRVYKMLLSLPEKVVSPPEPEKEEAAKEEATKEEEAIKEEVVKEPKDEAQNEGPATESEAPLKEDGLLPKPLSSGGEEEEKPRGEASEDLCEMALDPELLLLRDDGEEEFGAKLEDSEVRSVASNQSEMEFSSLQDMPKELDPSAVLPLDCLLAFVFFDANWCGYLHRRDLERILLTLGIRLSAEQAKQLVSRVVTQNICQYRSLQYSRQEGLDGGLPEEVLFGNLDLLPPPGKSTKPGAAPTEHKALVSHNGSLINVGSLLQRAEQQDSGRLYLENKIHTLELKLEESHNRFSATEVTNKTLAAEMQELRVRLAEAEETARTAERQKSQLQRLLQELRRRLTPLQLEIQRVVEKADSWVEKEEPAPSN*|MSQFKRQRINPLPGGRNFSGTASTSLLGPPPGLLTPPVATELSQNARHLQGGEKQRVFTGIVTSLHDYFGVVDEEVFFQLSVVKGRLPQLGEKVLVKAAYNPGQAVPWNAVKVQTLSNQPLLKSPAPPLLHVAALGQKQGILGAQPQLIFQPHRIPPLFPQKPLSLFQTSHTLHLSHLNRFPARGPHGRLDQGRSDDYDSKKRKQRAGGEPWGAKKPRHDLPPYRVHLTPYTVDSPICDFLELQRRYRSLLVPSDFLSVHLSWLSAFPLSQPFSLHHPSRIQVSSEKEAAPDAGAEPITADSDPAYSSKVLLLSSPGLEELYRCCMLFVDDMAEPRETPEHPLKQIKFLLGRKEEEAVLVGGEWSPSLDGLDPQADPQVLVRTAIRCAQAQTGIDLSGCTKWWLFAEFQYLQPGPPRRLQTVVVYLPDVWTIMPTLEEWEALCQQKAAEAAPPTQEAQGETEPTEQAPDALEQAADTSRRNAETPEATTQQETDTDLPEAPPPPLEPAVIARPGCVNLSLHGIVEDRRPKERISFEVMVLAELFLEMLQRDFGYRVYKMLLSLPEKVVSPPEPEKEEAAKEEATKEEEAIKEEVVKEPKDEAQNEGPATESEAPLKEDGLLPKPLSSGGEEEEKPRGEASEDLCEMALDPELLLLRDDGEEEFGAKLEDSEVRSVASNQSEMEFSSLQDMPKELDPSAVLPLDCLLAFVFFDANWCGYLHRRDLERILLTLGIRLSAEQAKQLVSRVVTQNICQYRSLQYSRQEGLDGGLPEEVLFGNLDLLPPPGKSTKPGAAPTEHKALVSHNGSLINVGSLLQRAEQQDSGRLYLENKIHTLELKLEESHNRFSATEVTNKTLAAEMQELRVRLAEAEETARTAERQKSQLQRLLQELRRRLTPLQLEIQRVVEKADSWVEKEEPAPSN*
chr8:22615430:G/T:1	chr8	22615430	G|T	1	CCAR2	NM_021174	57805	coding	1642	1211	404	R>L	nonsyn	None	MSQFKRQRINPLPGGRNFSGTASTSLLGPPPGLLTPPVATELSQNARHLQGGEKQRVFTGIVTSLHDYFGVVDEEVFFQLSVVKGRLPQLGEKVLVKAAYNPGQAVPWNAVKVQTLSNQPLLKSPAPPLLHVAALGQKQGILGAQPQLIFQPHRIPPLFPQKPLSLFQTSHTLHLSHLNRFPARGPHGRLDQGRSDDYDSKKRKQRAGGEPWGAKKPRHDLPPYRVHLTPYTVDSPICDFLELQRRYRSLLVPSDFLSVHLSWLSAFPLSQPFSLHHPSRIQVSSEKEAAPDAGAEPITADSDPAYSSKVLLLSSPGLEELYRCCMLFVDDMAEPRETPEHPLKQIKFLLGRKEEEAVLVGGEWSPSLDGLDPQADPQVLVRTAIRCAQAQTGIDLSGCTKWWRFAEFQYLQPGPPRRLQTVVVYLPDVWTIMPTLEEWEALCQQKAAEAAPPTQEAQGETEPTEQAPDALEQAADTSRRNAETPEATTQQETDTDLPEAPPPPLEPAVIARPGCVNLSLHGIVEDRRPKERISFEVMVLAELFLEMLQRDFGYRVYKMLLSLPEKVVSPPEPEKEEAAKEEATKEEEAIKEEVVKEPKDEAQNEGPATESEAPLKEDGLLPKPLSSGGEEEEKPRGEASEDLCEMALDPELLLLRDDGEEEFAGAKLEDSEVRSVASNQSEMEFSSLQDMPKELDPSAVLPLDCLLAFVFFDANWCGYLHRRDLERILLTLGIRLSAEQAKQLVSRVVTQNICQYRSLQYSRQEGLDGGLPEEVLFGNLDLLPPPGKSTKPGAAPTEHKALVSHNGSLINVGSLLQRAEQQDSGRLYLENKIHTLELKLEESHNRFSATEVTNKTLAAEMQELRVRLAEAEETARTAERQKSQLQRLLQELRRRLTPLQLEIQRVVEKADSWVEKEEPAPSN*|MSQFKRQRINPLPGGRNFSGTASTSLLGPPPGLLTPPVATELSQNARHLQGGEKQRVFTGIVTSLHDYFGVVDEEVFFQLSVVKGRLPQLGEKVLVKAAYNPGQAVPWNAVKVQTLSNQPLLKSPAPPLLHVAALGQKQGILGAQPQLIFQPHRIPPLFPQKPLSLFQTSHTLHLSHLNRFPARGPHGRLDQGRSDDYDSKKRKQRAGGEPWGAKKPRHDLPPYRVHLTPYTVDSPICDFLELQRRYRSLLVPSDFLSVHLSWLSAFPLSQPFSLHHPSRIQVSSEKEAAPDAGAEPITADSDPAYSSKVLLLSSPGLEELYRCCMLFVDDMAEPRETPEHPLKQIKFLLGRKEEEAVLVGGEWSPSLDGLDPQADPQVLVRTAIRCAQAQTGIDLSGCTKWWLFAEFQYLQPGPPRRLQTVVVYLPDVWTIMPTLEEWEALCQQKAAEAAPPTQEAQGETEPTEQAPDALEQAADTSRRNAETPEATTQQETDTDLPEAPPPPLEPAVIARPGCVNLSLHGIVEDRRPKERISFEVMVLAELFLEMLQRDFGYRVYKMLLSLPEKVVSPPEPEKEEAAKEEATKEEEAIKEEVVKEPKDEAQNEGPATESEAPLKEDGLLPKPLSSGGEEEEKPRGEASEDLCEMALDPELLLLRDDGEEEFAGAKLEDSEVRSVASNQSEMEFSSLQDMPKELDPSAVLPLDCLLAFVFFDANWCGYLHRRDLERILLTLGIRLSAEQAKQLVSRVVTQNICQYRSLQYSRQEGLDGGLPEEVLFGNLDLLPPPGKSTKPGAAPTEHKALVSHNGSLINVGSLLQRAEQQDSGRLYLENKIHTLELKLEESHNRFSATEVTNKTLAAEMQELRVRLAEAEETARTAERQKSQLQRLLQELRRRLTPLQLEIQRVVEKADSWVEKEEPAPSN*
chr8:22615430:G/T:1	chr8	22615430	G|T	1	CCAR2	NR_033902	57805	non-coding	1460	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr8:23202515:G/T:1	chr8	23202515	G|T	1	TNFRSF10A	NM_003844	8797	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	133	None
chr8:25888049:G/T:1	chr8	25888049	G|T	1	EBF2	NM_022659	64641	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr8:28348758:G/C:1	chr8	28348758	G|C	1	ZNF395	NM_018660	55893	coding	1629	1503	501	A>A	syn	None	MASVLSRRLGKRSLLGARVLGPSASEGPSAAPPSEPLLEGAAPQPFTTSDDTPCQEQPKEVLKAPSTSGLQQVAFQPGQKVYVWYGGQECTGLVEQHSWMEGQVTVWLLEQKLQVCCRVEEVWLAELQGPCPQAPPLEPGAQALAYRPVSRNIDVPKRKSDAVEMDEMMAAMVLTSLSCSPVVQSPPGTEANFSASRAACDPWKESGDISDSGSSTTSGHWSGSSGVSTPSPPHPQASPKYLGDAFGSPQTDHGFETDPDPFLLDEPAPRKRKNSVKVMYKCLWPNCGKVLRSIVGIKRHVKALHLGDTVDSDQFKREEDFYYTEVQLKEESAAAAAAAAAGTPVPGTPTSEPAPTPSMTGLPLSALPPPLHKAQSSGPEHPGPESSLPSGALSKSAPGSFWHIQADHAYQALPSFQIPVSPHIYTSVSWAAAPSAACSLSPVRSRSLSFSEPQQPAPAMKSHLIVTSPPRAQSGARKARGEAKKCRKVYGIEHRDQWCTACRWKKACQRFLD*
chr8:30479206:G/T:1	chr8	30479206	G|T	1	RBPMS	NM_001008710	11030	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	109	None
chr8:30479206:G/T:1	chr8	30479206	G|T	1	RBPMS	NM_001008711	11030	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	109	None
chr8:30479206:G/T:1	chr8	30479206	G|T	1	RBPMS	NM_001008712	11030	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	109	None
chr8:30479206:G/T:1	chr8	30479206	G|T	1	RBPMS	NM_006867	11030	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	109	None
chr8:41808044:G/T:1	chr8	41808044	G|T	1	ANK1	NM_001142446	286	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49907	None
chr8:42369772:A/T:1	chr8	42369772	A|T	1	POLB	NM_002690	5423	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	77	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NR_148205	23514	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352958	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001080394	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001282916	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001282919	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352931	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352932	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352933	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352934	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352935	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352936	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352937	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352938	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352939	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352940	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352941	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352942	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352943	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352944	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352945	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352946	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352947	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352948	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352949	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352950	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352951	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352952	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352953	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352955	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352956	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352957	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NM_001352961	23514	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NR_104581	23514	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NR_148202	23514	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NR_148203	23514	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:47592011:C/A:1	chr8	47592011	C|A	1	SPIDR	NR_148204	23514	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3800	None
chr8:55452033:C/G:1	chr8	55452033	C|G	1	XKR4	NM_052898	114786	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	71248	None
chr8:55452033:C/G:1	chr8	55452033	C|G	1	SBF1P1	NR_027765	100133234	non-coding	3289	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr8:70681473:C/T:1	chr8	70681473	C|T	1	XKR9	NM_001287258	389668	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr8:70681473:C/T:1	chr8	70681473	C|T	1	XKR9	NM_001011720	389668	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr8:70681473:C/T:1	chr8	70681473	C|T	1	XKR9	NM_001287259	389668	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr8:70681473:C/T:1	chr8	70681473	C|T	1	XKR9	NM_001287260	389668	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	143	None
chr8:79766933:C/A:1	chr8	79766933	C|A	1	LINC01607	NR_125410	101927067	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr8:79766933:C/A:1	chr8	79766933	C|A	1	HEY1	NM_001282851	23462	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr8:79766933:C/A:1	chr8	79766933	C|A	1	HEY1	NM_001040708	23462	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	64	None
chr8:79766933:C/A:1	chr8	79766933	C|A	1	HEY1	NM_012258	23462	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	76	None
chr8:90995751:C/T:1	chr8	90995751	C|T	1	PIP4P2	NM_018710	55529	coding	810	700	234	G>R	nonsyn	None	MAADGVDERSPLLSASHSGNVTPTAPPYLQESSPRAELPPPYTAIASPDASGIPVINCRVCQSLINLDGKLHQHVVKCTVCNEATPIKNPPTGKKYVRCPCNCLLICKDTSRRIGCPRPNCRRIINLGPVMLISEEQPAQPALPIQPEGTRVVCGHCGNTFLWMELRFNTLAKCPHCKKISSVGSALPRRRCCAYITIGMICIFIGVGLTVGTPDFARRFRATYVSWAIAYLLGLICLIRACYWGAIRVSYPEHSFA*|MAADGVDERSPLLSASHSGNVTPTAPPYLQESSPRAELPPPYTAIASPDASGIPVINCRVCQSLINLDGKLHQHVVKCTVCNEATPIKNPPTGKKYVRCPCNCLLICKDTSRRIGCPRPNCRRIINLGPVMLISEEQPAQPALPIQPEGTRVVCGHCGNTFLWMELRFNTLAKCPHCKKISSVGSALPRRRCCAYITIGMICIFIGVGLTVGTPDFARRFRATYVSWAIAYLLRLICLIRACYWGAIRVSYPEHSFA*
chr8:97075332:C/A:1	chr8	97075332	C|A	1	LOC101927066	NR_125390	101927066	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	121722	None
chr8:97075332:C/A:1	chr8	97075332	C|A	1	CPQ	NM_016134	10404	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9122	None
chr8:101514917:G/T:1	chr8	101514917	G|T	1	GRHL2	NM_024915	79977	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	22128	None
chr8:101514917:G/T:1	chr8	101514917	G|T	1	GRHL2	NM_001330593	79977	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	22068	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001100117	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	64	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348504	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	64	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348507	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	64	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001282881	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348484	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348485	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348486	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348487	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348488	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348489	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348490	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348491	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348492	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348493	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348494	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348495	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348496	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348497	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348498	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348499	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348500	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348501	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348502	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348503	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348505	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348506	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348508	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_001348509	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NM_014677	9699	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NR_145710	9699	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:103927778:A/T:1	chr8	103927778	A|T	1	RIMS2	NR_145711	9699	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	3485	None
chr8:106684159:A/T:1	chr8	106684159	A|T	1	OXR1	NM_001198532	55074	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	87	None
chr8:106684159:A/T:1	chr8	106684159	A|T	1	OXR1	NM_001198533	55074	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	87	None
chr8:106684159:A/T:1	chr8	106684159	A|T	1	OXR1	NM_018002	55074	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	87	None
chr8:106684159:A/T:1	chr8	106684159	A|T	1	OXR1	NM_181354	55074	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	87	None
chr8:109526836:C/A:1	chr8	109526836	C|A	1	PKHD1L1	NM_177531	93035	coding	12657	12537	4179	S>S	syn	None	MGHLWLLGIWGLCGLLLCAADPSTDGSQIIPKVTEIIPKYGSINGATRLTIRGEGFSQANQFNYGVDNAELGNSVQLISSFQSITCDVEKDASHSTQITCYTRAMPEDSYTVRVSVDGVPVTENNTCKGHINSWECTFNAKSFRTPTIRSITPLSGTPGTLITIQGRIFTDVYGSNIALSSNGKNVRILRVYIGGMPCELLIPQSDNLYGLKLDHPNGDMGSMVCKTTGTFIGHHNVSFILDNDYGRSFPQKMAYFVSSLNKIAMFQTYAEVTMIFPSQGSIRGGTTLTISGRFFDQTDFPVRVLVGGEPCDILNVTENSICCKTPPKPHILKTVYPGGRGLKLEVWNNSRPIRLEEILEYNEKTPGYMGASWVDSASYIWLMEQDTFVARFSGFLVAPDSDVYRFYIKGDDRYAIYFSQTGLPEDKVRIAYHSANANSYFSSPTQRSDDIHLQKGKEYYIEILLQEYRLSAFVDVGLYQYRNVYTEQQTGDAVNEEQVIKSQSTILQEVQVITLENWETTNAINEVQKIKVTSPCVEANSCSLYQYRLIYNMEKTVFLPADASEFILQSALNDLWSIKPDTVQVIRTQNPQSYVYMVTFISTRGDFDLLGYEVVEGNNVTLDITEQTKGKPNLETFTLNWDGIASKPLTLWSSEAEFQGAVEEMVSTKCPPQIANFEEGFVVKYFRDYETDFNLEHINRGQKTAETDAYCGRYSLKNPAVLFDSADVKPNRRPYGDILLFPYNQLCLAYKGFLANYIGLKFQYQDNSKITRSTDTQFTYNFAYGNNWTYTCIDLLDLVRTKYTGTNVSLQRISLHKASESQSFYVDVVYIGHTSTISTLDEMPKRRLPALANKGIFLEHFQVNQTKTNGPTMTNQYSVTMTSYNCSYNIPMMAVSFGQIITHETENEFVYRGNNWPGESKIHIQRIQAASPPLSGSFDIQAYGHILKGLPAAVSAADLQFALQSLEGMGRISVTREGTCAGYAWNIKWRSTCGKQNLLQINDSNIIGEKANMTVTRIKEGGLFRQHVLGDLLRTPSQQPQVEVYVNGIPAKCSGDCGFTWDSNITPLVLAISPSQGSYEEGTILTIVGSGFSPSSAVTVSVGPVGCSLLSVDEKELKCQILNGSAGHAPVAVSMADVGLAQNVGGEEFYFVYQSQISHIWPDSGSIAGGTLLTLSGFGFNENSKVLVGNETCNVIEGDLNRITCRTPKKTEGTVDISVTTNGFQATARDAFSYNCLQTPIITDFSPKVRTILGEVNLTIKGYNFGNELTQNMAVYVGGKTCQILHWNFTDIRCLLPKLSPGKHDIYVEVRNWGFASTRDKLNSSIQYVLEVTSMFPQRGSLFGGTEITIRGFGFSTIPAENTVLLGSIPCNVTSSSENVIKCILHSTGNIFRITNNGKDSVHGLGYAWSPPVLNVSVGDTVAWHWQTHPFLRGIGYRIFSVSSPGSVIYDGKGFTSGRQKSTSGSFSYQFTSPGIHYYSSGYVDEAHSIFLQGVINVLPAETRHIPLHLFVGRSEATYAYGGPENLHLGSSVAGCLATEPLCSLNNTRVKNSKRLLFEVSSCFSPSISNITPSTGTVNELITIIGHGFSNLPWANKVTIGSYPCVVEESSEDSITCHIDPQNSMDVGIRETVTLTVYNLGTAINTLSNEFDRRFVLLPNIDLVLPNAGSTTGMTSVTIKGSGFAVSSAGVKVLMGHFPCKVLSVNYTAIECETSPAAQQLVDVDLLIHGVPAQCQGNCTFSYLESITPYITGVFPNSVIGSVKVLIEGEGLGTVLEDIAVFIGNQQFRAIEVNENNITALVTPLPVGHHSVSVVVGSKGLALGNLTVSSPPVASLSPTSGSIGGGTTLVITGNGFYPGNTTVTIGDEPCQIISINPNEVYCRTPAGTTGMVDVKIFVNTIAYPPLLFTYALEDTPFLRGIIPSRGPPGTEIEITGSNFGFEILEISVMINNIQCNVTMANDSVVQCIVGDHAGGTFPVMMHHKTKGSAMSTVVFEYPLNIQNINPSQGSFGGGQTMTVTGTGFNPQNSIILVCGSECAIDRLRSDYTTLLCEIPSNNGTGAEQACEVSVVNGKDLSQSMTPFTYAVSLTPLITAVSPKRGSTAGGTRLTVVGSGFSENMEDVHITIAEAKCDVEYSNKTHIICMTDAHTLSGWAPVCVHIRGVGMAKLDNADFLYVDAWSSNFSWGGKSPPEEGSLVVITKGQTILLDQSTPILKMLLIQGGTLIFDEADIELQAENILITDGGVLQIGTETSPFQHKAVITLHGHLRSPELPVYGAKTLAVREGILDLHGVPVPVTWTRLAHTAKAGERILILQEAVTWKPGDNIVIASTGHRHSQGENEKMTIASVSADGINITLSNPLNYTHLGITVTLPDGTLFEARAEVGILTRNILIRGSDNVEWNNKIPACPDGFDTGEFATQTCLQGKFGEEIGSDQFGGCVMFHAPVPGANMVTGRIEYVEVFHAGQAFRLGRYPIHWHLLGDLQFKSYVRGCAIHQAYNRAVTIHNTHHLLVERNIIYDIKGGAFFIEDGIEHGNILQYNLAVFVQQSTSLLNDDVTPAAFWVTNPNNTIRHNAVAGGTHFGFWYRMNNHPDGPSYDRNICQKRVPLGEFFNNTVHSQGWFGMWIFEEYFPMQTGSCTSTVPAPAIFNSLTTWNCQKGAEWVNGGALQFHNFVMVNNYEAGIETKRILAPYVGGWGETNGAVIKNAKIVGHLDELGMGSAFCTAKGLVLPFSEGLTVSSVHFMNFDRPNCVALGVTSISGVCNDRCGGWSAKFVDVQYSHTPNKAGFRWEHEMVMIDVDGSLTGHKGHTVIPHSSLLDPSHCTQEAEWSIGFPGSVCDASVSFHRLAFNQPSPVSLLEKDVVLSDSFGTSIIPFQKKRLTHMSGWMALIPNANHINWYFKGVDHITNISYTSTFYGFKEEDYVIISHNFTQNPDMFNIIDMRNGSSNPLNWNTSKNGDWHLEANTSTLYYLVSGRNDLHQSQLISGNLDPDVKDVVINFQAYCCILQDCFPVHPPSRKPIPKKRPATYNLWSNDSFWQSSRENNYTVPHPGANVIIPEGTWIVADIDMPSMERLIIWGVLELEDKYNVGAAESSYREVVLNATYISLQGGRLIGGWEDNPFKGDLKIVLRGNHTTQDWALPEGPNQGAKVLGVFGELDLHGIPHSIYKTKLSETAFAGSKVLSLMDAVDWQEGEEIVITTTSYDFHQTETRSIVKILHDHKILILNDSLSYTHFAEKYHVPGTGESYTLAADVGILSRNIKIVGEDYPGWSEDSFGARVLVGSFTENMMTFKGNARISNVEFYHSGQEGFRDSTDPRYAVTFLNLGQIQEHGSSYIRGCAFHHGFSPAIGVFGTDGLDIDDNIIHFTVGEGIRIWGNANRVRGNLIALSVWPGTYQNRKDLSSTLWHAAIEINRGTNTVLQNNVVAGFGRAGYRIDGEPCPGQFNPVEKWFDNEAHGGLYGIYMNQDGLPGCSLIQGFTIWTCWDYGIYFQTTESVHIYNVTLVDNGMAIFPMIYMPAAISHKISSKNVQIKSSLIVGSSPGFNCSDVLTNDDPNIELTAAHRSPRSPSGGRSGICWPTFASAHNMAPRKPHAGIMSYNAISGLLDISGSTFVGFKNVCSGETNVIFITNPLNEDLQHPIHVKNIKLVDTTEQSKIFIHRPDISKVNPSDCVDMVCDAKRKSFLRDIDGSFLGNAGSVIPQAEYEWDGNSQVGIGDYRIPKAMLTFLNGSRIPVTEKAPHKGIIRDSTCKYLPEWQSYQCFGMEYAMMVIESLDPDTETRRLSPVAIMGNGYVDLINGPQDHGWCAGYTCQRRLSLFHSIVALNKSYEVYFTGTSPQNLRLMLLNVDHNKAVLVGIFFSTLQRLDVYVNNLLVCPKTTIWNAQQKHCELNNHLYKDQFLPNLDSTVLGENYFDGTYQMLYLLVKGTIPVEIHTATVIFVSFQLSVATEDDFYTSHNLVKNLALFLKIPSDKIRISKIRGKSLRRKRSMGFIIEIEIGDPPIQFISNGTTGQMQLSELQEIAGSLGQAVILGNISSILGFNISSMSITNPLPSPSDSGWIKVTAQPVERSAFPVHHVAFVSSLLVITQPVAAQPGQPFPQQPSVKATDSDGNCVSVGITALTLRAILKDSNNNQVNGLSGNTTIPFSSCWANYTDLTPLRTGKNYKIEFILDNVVGVESRTFSLLAESVSSSGSSSSSNSKASTVGTYAQIMTVVISCLVGRMWLLEIFMAAVSTLNITLRSY*
chr8:123706991:C/A:1	chr8	123706991	C|A	1	ANXA13	NM_001003954	312	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4255	None
chr8:123706991:C/A:1	chr8	123706991	C|A	1	ANXA13	NM_004306	312	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4255	None
chr8:128150091:G/A:1	chr8	128150091	G|A	1	MIR1208	NR_031613	100302281	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr8:132175698:G/C:1	chr8	132175698	G|C	1	KCNQ3	NM_001204824	3786	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	90	None
chr8:132175698:G/C:1	chr8	132175698	G|C	1	KCNQ3	NM_004519	3786	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	90	None
chr8:132192533:C/A:1	chr8	132192533	C|A	1	KCNQ3	NM_001204824	3786	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6352	None
chr8:132192533:C/A:1	chr8	132192533	C|A	1	KCNQ3	NM_004519	3786	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6352	None
chr8:132421533:G/T:1	chr8	132421533	G|T	1	KCNQ3	NM_001204824	3786	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25668	None
chr8:132421533:G/T:1	chr8	132421533	G|T	1	KCNQ3	NM_004519	3786	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58614	None
chr8:138242843:C/A:1	chr8	138242843	C|A	1	FAM135B	NM_001362965	51059	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	99	None
chr8:138242843:C/A:1	chr8	138242843	C|A	1	FAM135B	NM_015912	51059	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	99	None
chr8:138852265:G/T:1	chr8	138852265	G|T	1	COL22A1	NM_152888	169044	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8107	None
chr8:138870935:G/A:1	chr8	138870935	G|A	1	COL22A1	NM_152888	169044	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6815	None
chr8:141176474:A/G:1	chr8	141176474	A|G	1	DENND3	NM_001352890	22898	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	117	None
chr8:141176474:A/G:1	chr8	141176474	A|G	1	DENND3	NM_001362798	22898	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	117	None
chr8:141176474:A/G:1	chr8	141176474	A|G	1	DENND3	NM_014957	22898	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	117	None
chr8:141176474:A/G:1	chr8	141176474	A|G	1	DENND3	NR_148197	22898	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	117	None
chr8:143793785:G/A:1	chr8	143793785	G|A	1	SCRIB	NM_015356	23513	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	115	None
chr8:143793785:G/A:1	chr8	143793785	G|A	1	SCRIB	NM_182706	23513	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	115	None
chr8:144356365:C/A:1	chr8	144356365	C|A	1	TMEM249	NM_001280561	340393	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr8:144356365:C/A:1	chr8	144356365	C|A	1	FBXL6	NM_012162	26233	coding	1185	1160	387	R>L	nonsyn	None	MAAPASRQVRRRARAAPRPRSAEDWWWDRLAPRGSGYHLLQSDSMLLVLSEPGPARPRAQRRASRRTPRQPPRGPSAAAKPKAGLRSEAAAAPAPAPAPTPTPEEGPDAGWGDRIPLEILVQIFGLLVAADGPMPFLGRAARVCRRWQEAASQPALWHTVTLSSPLVGRPAKGGVKAEKKLLASLEWLMPNRFSQLQRLTLIHWKSQVHPVLKLVGECCPRLTFLKLSGCHGVTADALVMLAKACCQLHSLDLQHSMVESTAVVSFLEEAGSRMRKLWLTYSSQTTAILGALLGSCCPQLQVLEVSTGINRNSIPLQLPVEALQKGCPQLQVLRLLNLMWLPKPPGRGVAPGPGFPSLEELCLASSTCNFVSNEVLGRLLHGSPNLRLLDLRGCARITPAGLQDLPCRELEQLHLGLYGTSDRLTLAKEGSPFLTQKWCHTLRELDLSGQGFSEKDLEQALAAFLSTPGGSHPALCSLNLRGTRVTPSTVSSVISGCPGLLYLNLESCRCLPRGLKRAYRGLEEVQWCLEQLLTSPSPS*|MAAPASRQVRRRARAAPRPRSAEDWWWDRLAPRGSGYHLLQSDSMLLVLSEPGPARPRAQRRASRRTPRQPPRGPSAAAKPKAGLRSEAAAAPAPAPAPTPTPEEGPDAGWGDRIPLEILVQIFGLLVAADGPMPFLGRAARVCRRWQEAASQPALWHTVTLSSPLVGRPAKGGVKAEKKLLASLEWLMPNRFSQLQRLTLIHWKSQVHPVLKLVGECCPRLTFLKLSGCHGVTADALVMLAKACCQLHSLDLQHSMVESTAVVSFLEEAGSRMRKLWLTYSSQTTAILGALLGSCCPQLQVLEVSTGINRNSIPLQLPVEALQKGCPQLQVLRLLNLMWLPKPPGRGVAPGPGFPSLEELCLASSTCNFVSNEVLGRLLHGSPNLLLLDLRGCARITPAGLQDLPCRELEQLHLGLYGTSDRLTLAKEGSPFLTQKWCHTLRELDLSGQGFSEKDLEQALAAFLSTPGGSHPALCSLNLRGTRVTPSTVSSVISGCPGLLYLNLESCRCLPRGLKRAYRGLEEVQWCLEQLLTSPSPS*
chr8:144356365:C/A:1	chr8	144356365	C|A	1	FBXL6	NM_024555	26233	coding	1218	1142	381	R>L	nonsyn	None	MAAPASRQVRRRARAAPRPRSAEDWWWDRLAPRGSGYHLLQSDSMLLVLSEPGPARPRAQRRASRRTPRQPPRGPSAAAKPKAGLRSEAAAAPAPAPAPTPTPEEGPDAGWGDRIPLEILVQIFGLLVAADGPMPFLGRAARVCRRWQEAASQPALWHTVTLSSPLVGRPAKGGVKAEKKLLASLEWLMPNRFSQLQRLTLIHWKSQLVGECCPRLTFLKLSGCHGVTADALVMLAKACCQLHSLDLQHSMVESTAVVSFLEEAGSRMRKLWLTYSSQTTAILGALLGSCCPQLQVLEVSTGINRNSIPLQLPVEALQKGCPQLQVLRLLNLMWLPKPPGRGVAPGPGFPSLEELCLASSTCNFVSNEVLGRLLHGSPNLRLLDLRGCARITPAGLQDLPCRELEQLHLGLYGTSDRLTLAKEGSPFLTQKWCHTLRELDLSGQGFSEKDLEQALAAFLSTPGGSHPALCSLNLRGTRVTPSTVSSVISGCPGLLYLNLESCRCLPRGLKRAYRGLEEVQWCLEQLLTSPSPS*|MAAPASRQVRRRARAAPRPRSAEDWWWDRLAPRGSGYHLLQSDSMLLVLSEPGPARPRAQRRASRRTPRQPPRGPSAAAKPKAGLRSEAAAAPAPAPAPTPTPEEGPDAGWGDRIPLEILVQIFGLLVAADGPMPFLGRAARVCRRWQEAASQPALWHTVTLSSPLVGRPAKGGVKAEKKLLASLEWLMPNRFSQLQRLTLIHWKSQLVGECCPRLTFLKLSGCHGVTADALVMLAKACCQLHSLDLQHSMVESTAVVSFLEEAGSRMRKLWLTYSSQTTAILGALLGSCCPQLQVLEVSTGINRNSIPLQLPVEALQKGCPQLQVLRLLNLMWLPKPPGRGVAPGPGFPSLEELCLASSTCNFVSNEVLGRLLHGSPNLLLLDLRGCARITPAGLQDLPCRELEQLHLGLYGTSDRLTLAKEGSPFLTQKWCHTLRELDLSGQGFSEKDLEQALAAFLSTPGGSHPALCSLNLRGTRVTPSTVSSVISGCPGLLYLNLESCRCLPRGLKRAYRGLEEVQWCLEQLLTSPSPS*
chr8:144356365:C/A:1	chr8	144356365	C|A	1	TMEM249	NM_001252402	340393	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr8:144356365:C/A:1	chr8	144356365	C|A	1	TMEM249	NM_001252404	340393	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr8:144356365:C/A:1	chr8	144356365	C|A	1	TMEM249	NR_047684	340393	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr8:144360013:C/A:1	chr8	144360013	C|A	1	FBXL6	NM_012162	26233	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr8:144360013:C/A:1	chr8	144360013	C|A	1	FBXL6	NM_024555	26233	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr8:144360013:C/A:1	chr8	144360013	C|A	1	SLC52A2	NM_001363122	79581	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	102	None
chr8:144360013:C/A:1	chr8	144360013	C|A	1	SLC52A2	NM_001253815	79581	coding	705	521	174	P>Q	nonsyn	None	MAAPTPARPVLTHLLVALFGMGSWAAVNGIWVELPVVVKELPEGWSLPSYVSVLVALGNLGLLVVTLWRRLAPGKDEQVPIRVVQVLGMVGTALLASLWHHVAPVAGQLHSVAFLALAFVLALACCASNVTFLPFLSHLPPRFLRSFFLGQGLSALLPCVLALVQGVGRLECPPAPINGTPGPPLDFLERFPASTFFWALTALLVASAAAFQGLLLLLPPPPSVPTGELGSGLQVGAPGAEEEVEESSPLQEPPSQAAGTTPGPDPKAYQLLSARSACLLGLLAATNALTNGVLPAVQSFSCLPYGRLAYHLAVVLGSAANPLACFLAMGVLCRSLAGLGGLSLLGVFCGGYLMALAVLSPCPPLVGTSAGVVLVVLSWVLCLGVFSYVKVAASSLLHGGGRPALLAAGVAIQVGSLLGAVAMFPPTSIYHVFHSRKDCADPCDS*|MAAPTPARPVLTHLLVALFGMGSWAAVNGIWVELPVVVKELPEGWSLPSYVSVLVALGNLGLLVVTLWRRLAPGKDEQVPIRVVQVLGMVGTALLASLWHHVAPVAGQLHSVAFLALAFVLALACCASNVTFLPFLSHLPPRFLRSFFLGQGLSALLPCVLALVQGVGRLECPQAPINGTPGPPLDFLERFPASTFFWALTALLVASAAAFQGLLLLLPPPPSVPTGELGSGLQVGAPGAEEEVEESSPLQEPPSQAAGTTPGPDPKAYQLLSARSACLLGLLAATNALTNGVLPAVQSFSCLPYGRLAYHLAVVLGSAANPLACFLAMGVLCRSLAGLGGLSLLGVFCGGYLMALAVLSPCPPLVGTSAGVVLVVLSWVLCLGVFSYVKVAASSLLHGGGRPALLAAGVAIQVGSLLGAVAMFPPTSIYHVFHSRKDCADPCDS*
chr8:144360013:C/A:1	chr8	144360013	C|A	1	SLC52A2	NM_001253816	79581	coding	685	521	174	P>Q	nonsyn	None	MAAPTPARPVLTHLLVALFGMGSWAAVNGIWVELPVVVKELPEGWSLPSYVSVLVALGNLGLLVVTLWRRLAPGKDEQVPIRVVQVLGMVGTALLASLWHHVAPVAGQLHSVAFLALAFVLALACCASNVTFLPFLSHLPPRFLRSFFLGQGLSALLPCVLALVQGVGRLECPPAPINGTPGPPLDFLERFPASTFFWALTALLVASAAAFQGLLLLLPPPPSVPTGELGSGLQVGAPGAEEEVEESSPLQEPPSQAAGTTPGPDPKAYQLLSARSACLLGLLAATNALTNGVLPAVQSFSCLPYGRLAYHLAVVLGSAANPLACFLAMGVLCRSLAGLGGLSLLGVFCGGYLMALAVLSPCPPLVGTSAGVVLVVLSWVLCLGVFSYVKVAASSLLHGGGRPALLAAGVAIQVGSLLGAVAMFPPTSIYHVFHSRKDCADPCDS*|MAAPTPARPVLTHLLVALFGMGSWAAVNGIWVELPVVVKELPEGWSLPSYVSVLVALGNLGLLVVTLWRRLAPGKDEQVPIRVVQVLGMVGTALLASLWHHVAPVAGQLHSVAFLALAFVLALACCASNVTFLPFLSHLPPRFLRSFFLGQGLSALLPCVLALVQGVGRLECPQAPINGTPGPPLDFLERFPASTFFWALTALLVASAAAFQGLLLLLPPPPSVPTGELGSGLQVGAPGAEEEVEESSPLQEPPSQAAGTTPGPDPKAYQLLSARSACLLGLLAATNALTNGVLPAVQSFSCLPYGRLAYHLAVVLGSAANPLACFLAMGVLCRSLAGLGGLSLLGVFCGGYLMALAVLSPCPPLVGTSAGVVLVVLSWVLCLGVFSYVKVAASSLLHGGGRPALLAAGVAIQVGSLLGAVAMFPPTSIYHVFHSRKDCADPCDS*
chr8:144360013:C/A:1	chr8	144360013	C|A	1	SLC52A2	NM_001363118	79581	coding	1120	521	174	P>Q	nonsyn	None	MAAPTPARPVLTHLLVALFGMGSWAAVNGIWVELPVVVKELPEGWSLPSYVSVLVALGNLGLLVVTLWRRLAPGKDEQVPIRVVQVLGMVGTALLASLWHHVAPVAGQLHSVAFLALAFVLALACCASNVTFLPFLSHLPPRFLRSFFLGQGLSALLPCVLALVQGVGRLECPPAPINGTPGPPLDFLERFPASTFFWALTALLVASAAAFQGLLLLLPPPPSVPTGELGSGLQVGAPGAEEEVEESSPLQEPPSQAAGTTPGPDPKAYQLLSARSACLLGLLAATNALTNGVLPAVQSFSCLPYGRLAYHLAVVLGSAANPLACFLAMGVLCRSLAGLGGLSLLGVFCGGYLMALAVLSPCPPLVGTSAGVVLVVLSWVLCLGVFSYVKVAASSLLHGGGRPALLAAGVAIQVGSLLGAVAMFPPTSIYHVFHSRKDCADPCDS*|MAAPTPARPVLTHLLVALFGMGSWAAVNGIWVELPVVVKELPEGWSLPSYVSVLVALGNLGLLVVTLWRRLAPGKDEQVPIRVVQVLGMVGTALLASLWHHVAPVAGQLHSVAFLALAFVLALACCASNVTFLPFLSHLPPRFLRSFFLGQGLSALLPCVLALVQGVGRLECPQAPINGTPGPPLDFLERFPASTFFWALTALLVASAAAFQGLLLLLPPPPSVPTGELGSGLQVGAPGAEEEVEESSPLQEPPSQAAGTTPGPDPKAYQLLSARSACLLGLLAATNALTNGVLPAVQSFSCLPYGRLAYHLAVVLGSAANPLACFLAMGVLCRSLAGLGGLSLLGVFCGGYLMALAVLSPCPPLVGTSAGVVLVVLSWVLCLGVFSYVKVAASSLLHGGGRPALLAAGVAIQVGSLLGAVAMFPPTSIYHVFHSRKDCADPCDS*
chr8:144360013:C/A:1	chr8	144360013	C|A	1	SLC52A2	NM_001363120	79581	coding	967	521	174	P>Q	nonsyn	None	MAAPTPARPVLTHLLVALFGMGSWAAVNGIWVELPVVVKELPEGWSLPSYVSVLVALGNLGLLVVTLWRRLAPGKDEQVPIRVVQVLGMVGTALLASLWHHVAPVAGQLHSVAFLALAFVLALACCASNVTFLPFLSHLPPRFLRSFFLGQGLSALLPCVLALVQGVGRLECPPAPINGTPGPPLDFLERFPASTFFWALTALLVASAAAFQGLLLLLPPPPSVPTGELGSGLQVGAPGAEEEVEESSPLQEPPSQAAGTTPGPDPKAYQLLSARSACLLGLLAATNALTNGVLPAVQSFSCLPYGRLAYHLAVVLGSAANPLACFLAMGVLCRSLAGLGGLSLLGVFCGGYLMALAVLSPCPPLVGTSAGVVLVVLSWVLCLGVFSYVKVAASSLLHGGGRPALLAAGVAIQVGSLLGAVAMFPPTSIYHVFHSRKDCADPCDS*|MAAPTPARPVLTHLLVALFGMGSWAAVNGIWVELPVVVKELPEGWSLPSYVSVLVALGNLGLLVVTLWRRLAPGKDEQVPIRVVQVLGMVGTALLASLWHHVAPVAGQLHSVAFLALAFVLALACCASNVTFLPFLSHLPPRFLRSFFLGQGLSALLPCVLALVQGVGRLECPQAPINGTPGPPLDFLERFPASTFFWALTALLVASAAAFQGLLLLLPPPPSVPTGELGSGLQVGAPGAEEEVEESSPLQEPPSQAAGTTPGPDPKAYQLLSARSACLLGLLAATNALTNGVLPAVQSFSCLPYGRLAYHLAVVLGSAANPLACFLAMGVLCRSLAGLGGLSLLGVFCGGYLMALAVLSPCPPLVGTSAGVVLVVLSWVLCLGVFSYVKVAASSLLHGGGRPALLAAGVAIQVGSLLGAVAMFPPTSIYHVFHSRKDCADPCDS*
chr8:144360013:C/A:1	chr8	144360013	C|A	1	SLC52A2	NM_001363121	79581	coding	1116	521	174	P>Q	nonsyn	None	MAAPTPARPVLTHLLVALFGMGSWAAVNGIWVELPVVVKELPEGWSLPSYVSVLVALGNLGLLVVTLWRRLAPGKDEQVPIRVVQVLGMVGTALLASLWHHVAPVAGQLHSVAFLALAFVLALACCASNVTFLPFLSHLPPRFLRSFFLGQGLSALLPCVLALVQGVGRLECPPAPINGTPGPPLDFLERFPASTFFWALTALLVASAAAFQGLLLLLPPPPSVPTGELGSGLQVGAPGAEEEVEESSPLQEPPSQAAGTTPGPDPKAYQLLSARSACLLGLLAATNALTNGVLPAVQSFSCLPYGRLAYHLAVVLGSAANPLACFLAMGVLCRSLAGLGGLSLLGVFCGGYLMALAVLSPCPPLVGTSAGVVLVVLSWVLCLGVFSYVKVAASSLLHGGGRPALLAAGVAIQVGSLLGAVAMFPPTSIYHVFHSRKDCADPCDS*|MAAPTPARPVLTHLLVALFGMGSWAAVNGIWVELPVVVKELPEGWSLPSYVSVLVALGNLGLLVVTLWRRLAPGKDEQVPIRVVQVLGMVGTALLASLWHHVAPVAGQLHSVAFLALAFVLALACCASNVTFLPFLSHLPPRFLRSFFLGQGLSALLPCVLALVQGVGRLECPQAPINGTPGPPLDFLERFPASTFFWALTALLVASAAAFQGLLLLLPPPPSVPTGELGSGLQVGAPGAEEEVEESSPLQEPPSQAAGTTPGPDPKAYQLLSARSACLLGLLAATNALTNGVLPAVQSFSCLPYGRLAYHLAVVLGSAANPLACFLAMGVLCRSLAGLGGLSLLGVFCGGYLMALAVLSPCPPLVGTSAGVVLVVLSWVLCLGVFSYVKVAASSLLHGGGRPALLAAGVAIQVGSLLGAVAMFPPTSIYHVFHSRKDCADPCDS*
chr8:144360013:C/A:1	chr8	144360013	C|A	1	SLC52A2	NM_024531	79581	coding	799	521	174	P>Q	nonsyn	None	MAAPTPARPVLTHLLVALFGMGSWAAVNGIWVELPVVVKELPEGWSLPSYVSVLVALGNLGLLVVTLWRRLAPGKDEQVPIRVVQVLGMVGTALLASLWHHVAPVAGQLHSVAFLALAFVLALACCASNVTFLPFLSHLPPRFLRSFFLGQGLSALLPCVLALVQGVGRLECPPAPINGTPGPPLDFLERFPASTFFWALTALLVASAAAFQGLLLLLPPPPSVPTGELGSGLQVGAPGAEEEVEESSPLQEPPSQAAGTTPGPDPKAYQLLSARSACLLGLLAATNALTNGVLPAVQSFSCLPYGRLAYHLAVVLGSAANPLACFLAMGVLCRSLAGLGGLSLLGVFCGGYLMALAVLSPCPPLVGTSAGVVLVVLSWVLCLGVFSYVKVAASSLLHGGGRPALLAAGVAIQVGSLLGAVAMFPPTSIYHVFHSRKDCADPCDS*|MAAPTPARPVLTHLLVALFGMGSWAAVNGIWVELPVVVKELPEGWSLPSYVSVLVALGNLGLLVVTLWRRLAPGKDEQVPIRVVQVLGMVGTALLASLWHHVAPVAGQLHSVAFLALAFVLALACCASNVTFLPFLSHLPPRFLRSFFLGQGLSALLPCVLALVQGVGRLECPQAPINGTPGPPLDFLERFPASTFFWALTALLVASAAAFQGLLLLLPPPPSVPTGELGSGLQVGAPGAEEEVEESSPLQEPPSQAAGTTPGPDPKAYQLLSARSACLLGLLAATNALTNGVLPAVQSFSCLPYGRLAYHLAVVLGSAANPLACFLAMGVLCRSLAGLGGLSLLGVFCGGYLMALAVLSPCPPLVGTSAGVVLVVLSWVLCLGVFSYVKVAASSLLHGGGRPALLAAGVAIQVGSLLGAVAMFPPTSIYHVFHSRKDCADPCDS*
chr8:144360013:C/A:1	chr8	144360013	C|A	1	SLC52A2	NR_045600	79581	non-coding	1013	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr8:144851440:T/C:1	chr8	144851440	T|C	1	COMMD5	NM_001287237	28991	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr8:144851440:T/C:1	chr8	144851440	T|C	1	COMMD5	NM_014066	28991	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr8:144851440:T/C:1	chr8	144851440	T|C	1	COMMD5	NM_001081004	28991	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr8:144851440:T/C:1	chr8	144851440	T|C	1	COMMD5	NM_001081003	28991	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	45	None
chr9:2644144:G/T:1	chr9	2644144	G|T	1	VLDLR	NM_001018056	7436	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	185	None
chr9:2644144:G/T:1	chr9	2644144	G|T	1	VLDLR	NM_001322225	7436	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	185	None
chr9:2644144:G/T:1	chr9	2644144	G|T	1	VLDLR	NM_001322226	7436	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	185	None
chr9:2644144:G/T:1	chr9	2644144	G|T	1	VLDLR	NM_003383	7436	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	185	None
chr9:4576050:G/A:1	chr9	4576050	G|A	1	SLC1A1	NM_004170	6505	coding	1137	925	309	V>I	nonsyn	None	MGKPARKGCEWKRFLKNNWVLLSTVAAVVLGITTGVLVREHSNLSTLEKFYFAFPGEILMRMLKLIILPLIISSMITGVAALDSNVSGKIGLRAVVYYFCTTLIAVILGIVLVVSIKPGVTQKVGEIARTGSTPEVSTVDAMLDLIRNMFPENLVQACFQQYKTKREEVKPPSDPEMNMTEESFTAVMTTAISKNKTKEYKIVGMYSDGINVLGLIVFCLVFGLVIGKMGEKGQILVDFFNALSDATMKIVQIIMCYMPLGILFLIAGKIIEVEDWEIFRKLGLYMATVLTGLAIHSIVILPLIYFIVVRKNPFRFAMGMAQALLTALMISSSSATLPVTFRCAEENNQVDKRITRFVLPVGATINMDGTALYEAVAAVFIAQLNDLDLGIGQIITISITATSASIGAAGVPQAGLVTMVIVLSAVGLPAEDVTLIIAVDWLLDRFRTMVNVLGDAFGTGIVEKLSKKELEQMDVSSEVNIVNPFALESTILDNEDSDTKKSYVNGGFAVDKSDTISFTQTSQF*|MGKPARKGCEWKRFLKNNWVLLSTVAAVVLGITTGVLVREHSNLSTLEKFYFAFPGEILMRMLKLIILPLIISSMITGVAALDSNVSGKIGLRAVVYYFCTTLIAVILGIVLVVSIKPGVTQKVGEIARTGSTPEVSTVDAMLDLIRNMFPENLVQACFQQYKTKREEVKPPSDPEMNMTEESFTAVMTTAISKNKTKEYKIVGMYSDGINVLGLIVFCLVFGLVIGKMGEKGQILVDFFNALSDATMKIVQIIMCYMPLGILFLIAGKIIEVEDWEIFRKLGLYMATVLTGLAIHSIVILPLIYFIVIRKNPFRFAMGMAQALLTALMISSSSATLPVTFRCAEENNQVDKRITRFVLPVGATINMDGTALYEAVAAVFIAQLNDLDLGIGQIITISITATSASIGAAGVPQAGLVTMVIVLSAVGLPAEDVTLIIAVDWLLDRFRTMVNVLGDAFGTGIVEKLSKKELEQMDVSSEVNIVNPFALESTILDNEDSDTKKSYVNGGFAVDKSDTISFTQTSQF*
chr9:5456056:A/T:1	chr9	5456056	A|T	1	CD274	NM_001267706	29126	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	44	None
chr9:5456056:A/T:1	chr9	5456056	A|T	1	CD274	NM_001314029	29126	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	44	None
chr9:5456056:A/T:1	chr9	5456056	A|T	1	CD274	NM_014143	29126	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	44	None
chr9:5456056:A/T:1	chr9	5456056	A|T	1	CD274	NR_052005	29126	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	44	None
chr9:6893015:A/T:1	chr9	6893015	A|T	1	KDM4C	NM_001146695	23081	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr9:6893015:A/T:1	chr9	6893015	A|T	1	KDM4C	NM_001146696	23081	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr9:6893015:A/T:1	chr9	6893015	A|T	1	KDM4C	NM_001304339	23081	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr9:6893015:A/T:1	chr9	6893015	A|T	1	KDM4C	NM_001304340	23081	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr9:6893015:A/T:1	chr9	6893015	A|T	1	KDM4C	NM_001353997	23081	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr9:6893015:A/T:1	chr9	6893015	A|T	1	KDM4C	NM_001353998	23081	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr9:6893015:A/T:1	chr9	6893015	A|T	1	KDM4C	NM_001353999	23081	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr9:6893015:A/T:1	chr9	6893015	A|T	1	KDM4C	NM_001354000	23081	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr9:6893015:A/T:1	chr9	6893015	A|T	1	KDM4C	NM_001354001	23081	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr9:6893015:A/T:1	chr9	6893015	A|T	1	KDM4C	NM_015061	23081	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr9:6893015:A/T:1	chr9	6893015	A|T	1	KDM4C	NR_130707	23081	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr9:6893015:A/T:1	chr9	6893015	A|T	1	KDM4C	NR_148677	23081	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr9:6893015:A/T:1	chr9	6893015	A|T	1	KDM4C	NR_148678	23081	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr9:6893015:A/T:1	chr9	6893015	A|T	1	KDM4C	NR_148679	23081	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr9:6893015:A/T:1	chr9	6893015	A|T	1	KDM4C	NR_148680	23081	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	80	None
chr9:9208846:C/T:1	chr9	9208846	C|T	1	PTPRD	NM_002839	5789	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	25483	None
chr9:14747456:T/A:1	chr9	14747456	T|A	1	FREM1	NM_001177704	158326	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	28	None
chr9:14747456:T/A:1	chr9	14747456	T|A	1	FREM1	NM_144966	158326	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	28	None
chr9:14770500:G/T:1	chr9	14770500	G|T	1	FREM1	NM_001177704	158326	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	105	None
chr9:14770500:G/T:1	chr9	14770500	G|T	1	FREM1	NM_144966	158326	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	105	None
chr9:19376102:T/C:1	chr9	19376102	T|C	1	RPS6	NM_001010	6194	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:19376102:T/C:1	chr9	19376102	T|C	1	DENND4C	NM_001330640	55667	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:19376102:T/C:1	chr9	19376102	T|C	1	DENND4C	NM_017925	55667	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:19376102:T/C:1	chr9	19376102	T|C	1	DENND4C	NR_073201	55667	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:27399907:G/A:1	chr9	27399907	G|A	1	MOB3B	NM_024761	79817	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	40671	None
chr9:34319477:A/G:1	chr9	34319477	A|G	1	KIF24	NM_194313	347240	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	8106	None
chr9:34582938:G/T:1	chr9	34582938	G|T	1	CNTFR	NM_001842	1271	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6617	None
chr9:34582938:G/T:1	chr9	34582938	G|T	1	CNTFR	NM_147164	1271	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1733	None
chr9:34582938:G/T:1	chr9	34582938	G|T	1	CNTFR	NM_001207011	1271	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1733	None
chr9:34582938:G/T:1	chr9	34582938	G|T	1	CNTFR-AS1	NR_024369	415056	non-coding	750	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:35093530:T/C:1	chr9	35093530	T|C	1	PIGO	NM_001201484	84720	coding	1324	830	277	D>G	nonsyn	None	MQKASVLLFLAWVCFLFYAGIALFTSGFLLTRLELTNHSSCQEPPGPGSLPWGSQGKPGACWMASRFSRVVLVLIDALRFDFAQPQHSHVPREPPVSLPFLGKLSSLQRILEIQPHHARLYRSQVDPPTTTMQRLKALTTGSLPTFIDAGSNFASHAIVEDNLIKQLTSAGRRVVFMGDDTWKDLFPGAFSKAFFFPSFNVRDLDTVDNGILEHLYPTMDSGEWDVLIAHFLGVDHCGHKHGPHHPEMAKKLSQMDQVIQGLVERLENDTLLVVAGDHGMTTNGDHGGDSELEVSAALFLYSPTAVFPSTPPEEPEVIPQVSLVPTLALLLGLPIPFGNIGEVMAELFSGGEDSQPHSSALAQASALHLNAQQVSRFLHTYSAATQDLQAKELHQLQNLFSKASADYQWLLQSPKGAEATLPTVIAELQQFLRGARAMCIESWARFSLSFLLLHLLAAGIPVTTPGPFTVPWQAVSAWALMATQTFYSTGHQPVFPAIHWHAAFVGFPEGHGSCTWLPALLVGANTFASHLLFAVGCPLLLLWPFLCESQGLRKRQQPPGNEADARVRPEEEEEPLMEMRLRDAPQHFYAALLQLGLKYLFILGIQILACALAASILRRHLMVWKVFAPKFIFEAVGFIVSSVGLLLGIALVMRVDGAVSSWFRQLFLAQQR*|MQKASVLLFLAWVCFLFYAGIALFTSGFLLTRLELTNHSSCQEPPGPGSLPWGSQGKPGACWMASRFSRVVLVLIDALRFDFAQPQHSHVPREPPVSLPFLGKLSSLQRILEIQPHHARLYRSQVDPPTTTMQRLKALTTGSLPTFIDAGSNFASHAIVEDNLIKQLTSAGRRVVFMGDDTWKDLFPGAFSKAFFFPSFNVRDLDTVDNGILEHLYPTMDSGEWDVLIAHFLGVDHCGHKHGPHHPEMAKKLSQMDQVIQGLVERLENDTLLVVAGGHGMTTNGDHGGDSELEVSAALFLYSPTAVFPSTPPEEPEVIPQVSLVPTLALLLGLPIPFGNIGEVMAELFSGGEDSQPHSSALAQASALHLNAQQVSRFLHTYSAATQDLQAKELHQLQNLFSKASADYQWLLQSPKGAEATLPTVIAELQQFLRGARAMCIESWARFSLSFLLLHLLAAGIPVTTPGPFTVPWQAVSAWALMATQTFYSTGHQPVFPAIHWHAAFVGFPEGHGSCTWLPALLVGANTFASHLLFAVGCPLLLLWPFLCESQGLRKRQQPPGNEADARVRPEEEEEPLMEMRLRDAPQHFYAALLQLGLKYLFILGIQILACALAASILRRHLMVWKVFAPKFIFEAVGFIVSSVGLLLGIALVMRVDGAVSSWFRQLFLAQQR*
chr9:35093530:T/C:1	chr9	35093530	T|C	1	PIGO	NM_032634	84720	coding	1226	830	277	D>G	nonsyn	None	MQKASVLLFLAWVCFLFYAGIALFTSGFLLTRLELTNHSSCQEPPGPGSLPWGSQGKPGACWMASRFSRVVLVLIDALRFDFAQPQHSHVPREPPVSLPFLGKLSSLQRILEIQPHHARLYRSQVDPPTTTMQRLKALTTGSLPTFIDAGSNFASHAIVEDNLIKQLTSAGRRVVFMGDDTWKDLFPGAFSKAFFFPSFNVRDLDTVDNGILEHLYPTMDSGEWDVLIAHFLGVDHCGHKHGPHHPEMAKKLSQMDQVIQGLVERLENDTLLVVAGDHGMTTNGDHGGDSELEVSAALFLYSPTAVFPSTPPEEPEVIPQVSLVPTLALLLGLPIPFGNIGEVMAELFSGGEDSQPHSSALAQASALHLNAQQVSRFLHTYSAATQDLQAKELHQLQNLFSKASADYQWLLQSPKGAEATLPTVIAELQQFLRGARAMCIESWARFSLVRMAGGTALLAASCFICLLASQWAISPGFPFCPLLLTPVAWGLVGAIAYAGLLGTIELKLDLVLLGAVAAVSSFLPFLWKAWAGWGSKRPLATLFPIPGPVLLLLLFRLAVFFSDSFVVAEARATPFLLGSFILLLVVQLHWEGQLLPPKLLTMPRLGTSATTNPPRHNGAYALRLGIGLLLCTRLAGLFHRCPEETPVCHSSPWLSPLASMVGGRAKNLWYGACVAALVALLAAVRLWLRRYGNLKSPEPPMLFVRWGLPLMALGTAAYWALASGADEAPPRLRVLVSGASMVLPRAVAGLAASGLALLLWKPVTVLVKAGAGAPRTRTVLTPFSGPPTSQADLDYVVPQIYRHMQEEFRGRLERTKSQGPLTVAAYQLGSVYSAAMVTALTLLAFPLLLLHAERISLVFLLLFLQSFLLLHLLAAGIPVTTPGPFTVPWQAVSAWALMATQTFYSTGHQPVFPAIHWHAAFVGFPEGHGSCTWLPALLVGANTFASHLLFAVGCPLLLLWPFLCESQGLRKRQQPPGNEADARVRPEEEEEPLMEMRLRDAPQHFYAALLQLGLKYLFILGIQILACALAASILRRHLMVWKVFAPKFIFEAVGFIVSSVGLLLGIALVMRVDGAVSSWFRQLFLAQQR*|MQKASVLLFLAWVCFLFYAGIALFTSGFLLTRLELTNHSSCQEPPGPGSLPWGSQGKPGACWMASRFSRVVLVLIDALRFDFAQPQHSHVPREPPVSLPFLGKLSSLQRILEIQPHHARLYRSQVDPPTTTMQRLKALTTGSLPTFIDAGSNFASHAIVEDNLIKQLTSAGRRVVFMGDDTWKDLFPGAFSKAFFFPSFNVRDLDTVDNGILEHLYPTMDSGEWDVLIAHFLGVDHCGHKHGPHHPEMAKKLSQMDQVIQGLVERLENDTLLVVAGGHGMTTNGDHGGDSELEVSAALFLYSPTAVFPSTPPEEPEVIPQVSLVPTLALLLGLPIPFGNIGEVMAELFSGGEDSQPHSSALAQASALHLNAQQVSRFLHTYSAATQDLQAKELHQLQNLFSKASADYQWLLQSPKGAEATLPTVIAELQQFLRGARAMCIESWARFSLVRMAGGTALLAASCFICLLASQWAISPGFPFCPLLLTPVAWGLVGAIAYAGLLGTIELKLDLVLLGAVAAVSSFLPFLWKAWAGWGSKRPLATLFPIPGPVLLLLLFRLAVFFSDSFVVAEARATPFLLGSFILLLVVQLHWEGQLLPPKLLTMPRLGTSATTNPPRHNGAYALRLGIGLLLCTRLAGLFHRCPEETPVCHSSPWLSPLASMVGGRAKNLWYGACVAALVALLAAVRLWLRRYGNLKSPEPPMLFVRWGLPLMALGTAAYWALASGADEAPPRLRVLVSGASMVLPRAVAGLAASGLALLLWKPVTVLVKAGAGAPRTRTVLTPFSGPPTSQADLDYVVPQIYRHMQEEFRGRLERTKSQGPLTVAAYQLGSVYSAAMVTALTLLAFPLLLLHAERISLVFLLLFLQSFLLLHLLAAGIPVTTPGPFTVPWQAVSAWALMATQTFYSTGHQPVFPAIHWHAAFVGFPEGHGSCTWLPALLVGANTFASHLLFAVGCPLLLLWPFLCESQGLRKRQQPPGNEADARVRPEEEEEPLMEMRLRDAPQHFYAALLQLGLKYLFILGIQILACALAASILRRHLMVWKVFAPKFIFEAVGFIVSSVGLLLGIALVMRVDGAVSSWFRQLFLAQQR*
chr9:35093530:T/C:1	chr9	35093530	T|C	1	PIGO	NM_152850	84720	coding	872	830	277	D>G	nonsyn	None	MQKASVLLFLAWVCFLFYAGIALFTSGFLLTRLELTNHSSCQEPPGPGSLPWGSQGKPGACWMASRFSRVVLVLIDALRFDFAQPQHSHVPREPPVSLPFLGKLSSLQRILEIQPHHARLYRSQVDPPTTTMQRLKALTTGSLPTFIDAGSNFASHAIVEDNLIKQLTSAGRRVVFMGDDTWKDLFPGAFSKAFFFPSFNVRDLDTVDNGILEHLYPTMDSGEWDVLIAHFLGVDHCGHKHGPHHPEMAKKLSQMDQVIQGLVERLENDTLLVVAGDHGMTTNGDHGGDSELEVSAALFLYSPTAVFPSTPPEEPEVIPQVSLVPTLALLLGLPIPFGNIGEVMAELFSGGEDSQPHSSALAQASALHLNAQQVSRFLHTYSAATQDLQAKELHQLQNLFSKASADYQWLLQSPKGAEATLPTVIAELQQFLRGARAMCIESWARFSLSFLLLHLLAAGIPVTTPGPFTVPWQAVSAWALMATQTFYSTGHQPVFPAIHWHAAFVGFPEGHGSCTWLPALLVGANTFASHLLFAVGCPLLLLWPFLCESQGLRKRQQPPGNEADARVRPEEEEEPLMEMRLRDAPQHFYAALLQLGLKYLFILGIQILACALAASILRRHLMVWKVFAPKFIFEAVGFIVSSVGLLLGIALVMRVDGAVSSWFRQLFLAQQR*|MQKASVLLFLAWVCFLFYAGIALFTSGFLLTRLELTNHSSCQEPPGPGSLPWGSQGKPGACWMASRFSRVVLVLIDALRFDFAQPQHSHVPREPPVSLPFLGKLSSLQRILEIQPHHARLYRSQVDPPTTTMQRLKALTTGSLPTFIDAGSNFASHAIVEDNLIKQLTSAGRRVVFMGDDTWKDLFPGAFSKAFFFPSFNVRDLDTVDNGILEHLYPTMDSGEWDVLIAHFLGVDHCGHKHGPHHPEMAKKLSQMDQVIQGLVERLENDTLLVVAGGHGMTTNGDHGGDSELEVSAALFLYSPTAVFPSTPPEEPEVIPQVSLVPTLALLLGLPIPFGNIGEVMAELFSGGEDSQPHSSALAQASALHLNAQQVSRFLHTYSAATQDLQAKELHQLQNLFSKASADYQWLLQSPKGAEATLPTVIAELQQFLRGARAMCIESWARFSLSFLLLHLLAAGIPVTTPGPFTVPWQAVSAWALMATQTFYSTGHQPVFPAIHWHAAFVGFPEGHGSCTWLPALLVGANTFASHLLFAVGCPLLLLWPFLCESQGLRKRQQPPGNEADARVRPEEEEEPLMEMRLRDAPQHFYAALLQLGLKYLFILGIQILACALAASILRRHLMVWKVFAPKFIFEAVGFIVSSVGLLLGIALVMRVDGAVSSWFRQLFLAQQR*
chr9:35697963:G/T:1	chr9	35697963	G|T	1	TLN1	NM_006289	7094	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	47	None
chr9:35853386:C/A:1	chr9	35853386	C|A	1	TMEM8B	NM_001042589	51754	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	119	None
chr9:35853386:C/A:1	chr9	35853386	C|A	1	TMEM8B	NM_001042590	51754	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	119	None
chr9:35853386:C/A:1	chr9	35853386	C|A	1	TMEM8B	NM_001363622	51754	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	129	None
chr9:40992632:C/G:1	chr9	40992632	C|G	1	FRG1HP	NR_034006	100132352	non-coding	372	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:40992632:C/G:1	chr9	40992632	C|G	1	FRG1HP	NR_156730	100132352	non-coding	372	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:41233259:C/T:1	chr9	41233259	C|T	1	MIR4477A	NR_039688	100616184	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:41233259:C/T:1	chr9	41233259	C|T	1	MIR4477B	NR_039689	100616194	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:62807388:T/C:1	chr9	62807388	T|C	1	LINC01410	NR_121647	103352539	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2380	None
chr9:62844986:G/A:1	chr9	62844986	G|A	1	PTGER4P2-CDK2AP2P2	NR_024496	442421	non-coding	1485	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:62844986:G/A:1	chr9	62844986	G|A	1	PTGER4P2-CDK2AP2P2	NR_135010	442421	non-coding	904	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:62880685:G/T:1	chr9	62880685	G|T	1	LOC403323	NR_122077	403323	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11381	None
chr9:62880685:G/T:1	chr9	62880685	G|T	1	LOC403323	NR_122076	403323	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11381	None
chr9:63821536:C/T:1	chr9	63821536	C|T	1	MIR4477A	NR_039688	100616184	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:63821536:C/T:1	chr9	63821536	C|T	1	MIR4477B	NR_039689	100616194	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:68257065:G/T:1	chr9	68257065	G|T	1	CBWD3	NM_001291821	445571	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1467	None
chr9:68257065:G/T:1	chr9	68257065	G|T	1	CBWD3	NM_201453	445571	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	85	None
chr9:69250885:T/G:1	chr9	69250885	T|G	1	TJP2	NM_001170415	9414	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	150	None
chr9:69250885:T/G:1	chr9	69250885	T|G	1	TJP2	NM_001170414	9414	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1930	None
chr9:69250885:T/G:1	chr9	69250885	T|G	1	TJP2	NM_201629	9414	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1930	None
chr9:69250885:T/G:1	chr9	69250885	T|G	1	TJP2	NM_001170416	9414	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	150	None
chr9:69250885:T/G:1	chr9	69250885	T|G	1	TJP2	NM_004817	9414	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	150	None
chr9:77797745:T/A:1	chr9	77797745	T|A	1	GNAQ	NM_002072	2776	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	97	None
chr9:78246838:C/A:1	chr9	78246838	C|A	1	CEP78	NM_001098802	84131	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr9:78246838:C/A:1	chr9	78246838	C|A	1	CEP78	NM_001330691	84131	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr9:78246838:C/A:1	chr9	78246838	C|A	1	CEP78	NM_001330693	84131	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr9:78246838:C/A:1	chr9	78246838	C|A	1	CEP78	NM_001330694	84131	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr9:78246838:C/A:1	chr9	78246838	C|A	1	CEP78	NM_001349838	84131	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr9:78246838:C/A:1	chr9	78246838	C|A	1	CEP78	NM_001349839	84131	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr9:78246838:C/A:1	chr9	78246838	C|A	1	CEP78	NM_001349840	84131	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr9:78246838:C/A:1	chr9	78246838	C|A	1	CEP78	NM_032171	84131	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	56	None
chr9:79693752:C/G:1	chr9	79693752	C|G	1	TLE4	NM_001282748	7091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11031	None
chr9:79693752:C/G:1	chr9	79693752	C|G	1	TLE4	NM_001282749	7091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11031	None
chr9:79693752:C/G:1	chr9	79693752	C|G	1	TLE4	NM_001282753	7091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11031	None
chr9:79693752:C/G:1	chr9	79693752	C|G	1	TLE4	NM_001282760	7091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11031	None
chr9:79693752:C/G:1	chr9	79693752	C|G	1	TLE4	NM_001351541	7091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11031	None
chr9:79693752:C/G:1	chr9	79693752	C|G	1	TLE4	NM_001351542	7091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11031	None
chr9:79693752:C/G:1	chr9	79693752	C|G	1	TLE4	NM_001351543	7091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11031	None
chr9:79693752:C/G:1	chr9	79693752	C|G	1	TLE4	NM_001351546	7091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11031	None
chr9:79693752:C/G:1	chr9	79693752	C|G	1	TLE4	NM_001351547	7091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11031	None
chr9:79693752:C/G:1	chr9	79693752	C|G	1	TLE4	NM_001351550	7091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11031	None
chr9:79693752:C/G:1	chr9	79693752	C|G	1	TLE4	NM_001351552	7091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11031	None
chr9:79693752:C/G:1	chr9	79693752	C|G	1	TLE4	NM_001351556	7091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11031	None
chr9:79693752:C/G:1	chr9	79693752	C|G	1	TLE4	NM_001351558	7091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11031	None
chr9:79693752:C/G:1	chr9	79693752	C|G	1	TLE4	NM_001351560	7091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11031	None
chr9:79693752:C/G:1	chr9	79693752	C|G	1	TLE4	NM_001351562	7091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11031	None
chr9:79693752:C/G:1	chr9	79693752	C|G	1	TLE4	NM_001351563	7091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11031	None
chr9:79693752:C/G:1	chr9	79693752	C|G	1	TLE4	NM_001351564	7091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11031	None
chr9:79693752:C/G:1	chr9	79693752	C|G	1	TLE4	NM_007005	7091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11031	None
chr9:79693752:C/G:1	chr9	79693752	C|G	1	TLE4	NR_104239	7091	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11031	None
chr9:81915142:A/C:1	chr9	81915142	A|C	1	SPATA31D5P	NR_026851	347127	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	34	None
chr9:83309630:T/A:1	chr9	83309630	T|A	1	FRMD3	NM_001244959	257019	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6	None
chr9:83309630:T/A:1	chr9	83309630	T|A	1	FRMD3	NM_001244960	257019	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6	None
chr9:83309630:T/A:1	chr9	83309630	T|A	1	FRMD3	NM_001244961	257019	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6	None
chr9:83309630:T/A:1	chr9	83309630	T|A	1	FRMD3	NM_174938	257019	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	6	None
chr9:84279882:C/A:1	chr9	84279882	C|A	1	SLC28A3	NM_001199633	64078	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr9:84279882:C/A:1	chr9	84279882	C|A	1	SLC28A3	NM_022127	64078	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr9:84279882:C/A:1	chr9	84279882	C|A	1	SLC28A3	NR_037638	64078	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	93	None
chr9:87640616:C/T:1	chr9	87640616	C|T	1	DAPK1	NM_001288729	1612	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	166	None
chr9:87640616:C/T:1	chr9	87640616	C|T	1	DAPK1	NM_001288730	1612	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	166	None
chr9:87640616:C/T:1	chr9	87640616	C|T	1	DAPK1	NM_001288731	1612	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	166	None
chr9:87640616:C/T:1	chr9	87640616	C|T	1	DAPK1	NM_004938	1612	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	166	None
chr9:87970472:C/T:1	chr9	87970472	C|T	1	CDK20	NM_001170640	23552	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	304	None
chr9:87970472:C/T:1	chr9	87970472	C|T	1	CDK20	NM_001039803	23552	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	96	None
chr9:87970472:C/T:1	chr9	87970472	C|T	1	CDK20	NM_001170639	23552	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	304	None
chr9:87970472:C/T:1	chr9	87970472	C|T	1	CDK20	NM_012119	23552	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	304	None
chr9:87970472:C/T:1	chr9	87970472	C|T	1	CDK20	NM_178432	23552	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	304	None
chr9:91724340:G/A:1	chr9	91724340	G|A	1	ROR2	NM_004560	4920	coding	2419	2154	718	P>P	syn	None	MARGSALPRRPLLCIPAVWAAAALLLSVSRTSGEVEVLDPNDPLGPLDGQDGPIPTLKGYFLNFLEPVNNITIVQGQTAILHCKVAGNPPPNVRWLKNDAPVVQEPRRIIIRKTEYGSRLRIQDLDTTDTGYYQCVATNGMKTITATGVLFVRLGPTHSPNHNFQDDYHEDGFCQPYRGIACARFIGNRTIYVDSLQMQGEIENRITAAFTMIGTSTHLSDQCSQFAIPSFCHFVFPLCDARSRTPKPRELCRDECEVLESDLCRQEYTIARSNPLILMRLQLPKCEALPMPESPDAANCMRIGIPAERLGRYHQCYNGSGMDYRGTASTTKSGHQCQPWALQHPHSHHLSSTDFPELGGGHAYCRNPGGQMEGPWCFTQNKNVRMELCDVPSCSPRDSSKMGILYILVPSIAIPLVIACLFFLVCMCRNKQKASASTPQRRQLMASPSQDMEMPLINQHKQAKLKEISLSAVRFMEELGEDRFGKVYKGHLFGPAPGEQTQAVAIKTLKDKAEGPLREEFRHEAMLRARLQHPNVVCLLGVVTKDQPLSMIFSYCSHGDLHEFLVMRSPHSDVGSTDDDRTVKSALEPPDFVHLVAQIAAGMEYLSSHHVVHKDLATRNVLVYDKLNVKISDLGLFREVYAADYYKLLGNSLLPIRWMAPEAIMYGKFSIDSDIWSYGVVLWEVFSYGLQPYCGYSNQDVVEMIRNRQVLPCPDDCPAWVYALMIECWNEFPSRRPRFKDIHSRLRAWGNLSNYNSSAQTSGASNTTQTSSLSTSPVSNVSNARYVGPKQKAPPFPQPQFIPMKGQIRPMVPPPQLYVPVNGYQPVPAYGAYLPNFYPVQIPMQMAPQQVPPQMVPKPSSHHSGSGSTSTGYVTTAPSNTSMADRAALLSEGADDTQNAPEDGAQSTVQEAEEEEEGSVPETELLGDCDTLQVDEAQVQLEA*
chr9:92274385:C/A:1	chr9	92274385	C|A	1	IARS	NM_002161	3376	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	41	None
chr9:92274385:C/A:1	chr9	92274385	C|A	1	IARS	NM_013417	3376	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	41	None
chr9:92274385:C/A:1	chr9	92274385	C|A	1	IARS	NR_073446	3376	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	41	None
chr9:93229811:A/T:1	chr9	93229811	A|T	1	WNK2	NM_001282394	65268	coding	797	797	266	K>M	nonsyn	None	MDGDGGRRDVPGTLMEPGRGAGPAGMAEPRAKAARPGPQRFLRRSVVESDQEEPPGLEAAEAPGPQPPQPLQRRVLLLCKTRRLIAERARGRPAAPAPAALVAQPGAPGAPADAGPEPVGTQEPGPDPIAAAVETAPAPDGGPREEAAATVRKEDEGAAEAKPEPGRTRRDEPEEEEDDEDDLKAVATSLDGRFLKFDIELGRGSFKTVYKGLDTETWVEVAWCELQDRKLTKLERQRFKEEAEMLKGLQHPNIVRFYDFWESSAKGKRCIVLVTELMTSGTLKTYLKRFKVMKPKVLRSWCRQILKGLLFLHTRTPPIIHRDLKCDNIFITGPTGSVKIGDLGLATLKRASFAKSVIGTPEFMAPEMYEEHYDESVDVYAFGMCMLEMATSEYPYSECQNAAQIYRKVTCGIKPASFEKVHDPEIKEIIGECICKNKEERYEIKDLLSHAFFAEDTGVRVELAEEDHGRKSTIALRLWVEDPKKLKGKPKDNGAIEFTFDLEKETPDEVAQEMIESGFFHESDVKIVAKSIRDRVALIQWRRERIWPALQPKEQQDVGSPDKARGPPVPLQVQVTYHAQAGQPGPPEPEEPEADQHLLPPTLPTSATSLASDSTFDSGQGSTVYSDSQSSQQSVMLGSLADAAPSPAQCVCSPPVSEGPVLPQSLPSLGAYQQPTAAPGLPVGSVPAPACPPSLQQHFPDPAMSFAPVLPPPSTPMPTGPGQPAPPGQQPPPLAQPTPLPQVLAPQPVVPLQPVPPHLPPYLAPASQVGAPAQLKPLQMPQAPLQPLAQVPPQMPPIPVVPPITPLAGIDGLPPALPDLPTATVPPVPPPQYFSPAVILPSLAAPLPPASPALPLQAVKLPHPPGAPLAMPCRTIVPNAPATIPLLAVAPPGVAALSIHSAVAQLPGQPVYPAAFPQMAPTDVPPSPHHTVQNMRATPPQPALPPQPTLPPQPVLPPQPTLPPQPVLPPQPTRPPQPVLPPQPMLPPQPVLPPQPALPVRPEPLQPHLPEQAAPAATPGSQILLGHPAPYAVDVAAQVPTVPVPPAAVLSPPLPEVLLPAAPELLPQFPSSLATVSASVQSVPTQTATLLPPANPPLPGGPGIASPCPTVQLTVEPVQEEQASQDKPPGLPQSCESYGGSDVTSGKELSDSCEGAFGGGRLEGRAARKHHRRSTRARSRQERASRPRLTILNVCNTGDKMVECQLETHNHKMVTFKFDLDGDAPDEIATYMVEHDFILQAERETFIEQMKDVMDKAEDMLSEDTDADRGSDPGTSPPHLSTCGLGTGEESRQSQANAPVYQQNVLHTGKRWFIICPVAEHPAPEAPESSPPLPLSSLPPEASQGPCRGLTLPCLPWRRAACGAVFLSLFSAESAQSKQPPDSAPYKDQLSSKEQPSFLASQQLLSQAGPSNPPGAPPAPLAPSSPPVTALPQDGAAPATSTMPEPASGTASQAGGPGTPQGLTSELETSQPLAETHEAPLAVQPLVVGLAPCTPAPEAASTRDASAPREPLPPPAPEPSPHSGTPQPALGQPAPLLPAAVGAVSLATSQLPSPPLGPTVPPQPPSALESDGEGPPPRVGFVDSTIKSLDEKLRTLLYQEHVPTSSASAGTPVEVGDRDFTLEPLRGDQPRSEVCGGDLALPPVPKEAVSGRVQLPQPLVEKSELAPTRGAVMEQGTSSSMTAESSPRSMLGYDRDGRQVASDSHVVPSVPQDVPAFVRPARVEPTDRDGGEAGESSAEPPPSDMGTVGGQASHPQTLGARALGSPRKRPEQQDVSSPAKTVGRFSVVSTQDEWTLASPHSLRYSAPPDVYLDEAPSSPDVKLAVRRAQTASSIEVGVGEPVSSDSGDEGPRARPPVQKQASLPVSGSVAGDFVKKATAFLQRPSRAGSLGPETPSRVGMKVPTISVTSFHSQSSYISSDNDSELEDADIKKELQSLREKHLKEISELQSQQKQEIEALYRRLGKPLPPNVGFFHTAPPTGRRRKTSKSKLKAGKLLNPLVRQLKVVASSTGHLADSSRGPPAKDPAQASVGLTADSTGLSGKAVQTQQPCSVRASLSSDICSGLASDGGGARGQGWTVYHPTSERVTYKSSSKPRARFLSGPVSVSIWSALKRLCLGKEHSSRSSTSSLAPGPEPGPQPALHVQAQVNNSNNKKGTFTDDLHKLVDEWTSKTVGAAQLKPTLNQLKQTQKLQDMEAQAGWAAPGEARAMTAPRAGVGMPRLPPAPGPLSTTVIPGAAPTLSVPTPDGALGTARRNQVWFGLRVPPTACCGHSTQPRGGQRVGSKTASFAASDPVRS*|MDGDGGRRDVPGTLMEPGRGAGPAGMAEPRAKAARPGPQRFLRRSVVESDQEEPPGLEAAEAPGPQPPQPLQRRVLLLCKTRRLIAERARGRPAAPAPAALVAQPGAPGAPADAGPEPVGTQEPGPDPIAAAVETAPAPDGGPREEAAATVRKEDEGAAEAKPEPGRTRRDEPEEEEDDEDDLKAVATSLDGRFLKFDIELGRGSFKTVYKGLDTETWVEVAWCELQDRKLTKLERQRFKEEAEMLKGLQHPNIVRFYDFWESSAMGKRCIVLVTELMTSGTLKTYLKRFKVMKPKVLRSWCRQILKGLLFLHTRTPPIIHRDLKCDNIFITGPTGSVKIGDLGLATLKRASFAKSVIGTPEFMAPEMYEEHYDESVDVYAFGMCMLEMATSEYPYSECQNAAQIYRKVTCGIKPASFEKVHDPEIKEIIGECICKNKEERYEIKDLLSHAFFAEDTGVRVELAEEDHGRKSTIALRLWVEDPKKLKGKPKDNGAIEFTFDLEKETPDEVAQEMIESGFFHESDVKIVAKSIRDRVALIQWRRERIWPALQPKEQQDVGSPDKARGPPVPLQVQVTYHAQAGQPGPPEPEEPEADQHLLPPTLPTSATSLASDSTFDSGQGSTVYSDSQSSQQSVMLGSLADAAPSPAQCVCSPPVSEGPVLPQSLPSLGAYQQPTAAPGLPVGSVPAPACPPSLQQHFPDPAMSFAPVLPPPSTPMPTGPGQPAPPGQQPPPLAQPTPLPQVLAPQPVVPLQPVPPHLPPYLAPASQVGAPAQLKPLQMPQAPLQPLAQVPPQMPPIPVVPPITPLAGIDGLPPALPDLPTATVPPVPPPQYFSPAVILPSLAAPLPPASPALPLQAVKLPHPPGAPLAMPCRTIVPNAPATIPLLAVAPPGVAALSIHSAVAQLPGQPVYPAAFPQMAPTDVPPSPHHTVQNMRATPPQPALPPQPTLPPQPVLPPQPTLPPQPVLPPQPTRPPQPVLPPQPMLPPQPVLPPQPALPVRPEPLQPHLPEQAAPAATPGSQILLGHPAPYAVDVAAQVPTVPVPPAAVLSPPLPEVLLPAAPELLPQFPSSLATVSASVQSVPTQTATLLPPANPPLPGGPGIASPCPTVQLTVEPVQEEQASQDKPPGLPQSCESYGGSDVTSGKELSDSCEGAFGGGRLEGRAARKHHRRSTRARSRQERASRPRLTILNVCNTGDKMVECQLETHNHKMVTFKFDLDGDAPDEIATYMVEHDFILQAERETFIEQMKDVMDKAEDMLSEDTDADRGSDPGTSPPHLSTCGLGTGEESRQSQANAPVYQQNVLHTGKRWFIICPVAEHPAPEAPESSPPLPLSSLPPEASQGPCRGLTLPCLPWRRAACGAVFLSLFSAESAQSKQPPDSAPYKDQLSSKEQPSFLASQQLLSQAGPSNPPGAPPAPLAPSSPPVTALPQDGAAPATSTMPEPASGTASQAGGPGTPQGLTSELETSQPLAETHEAPLAVQPLVVGLAPCTPAPEAASTRDASAPREPLPPPAPEPSPHSGTPQPALGQPAPLLPAAVGAVSLATSQLPSPPLGPTVPPQPPSALESDGEGPPPRVGFVDSTIKSLDEKLRTLLYQEHVPTSSASAGTPVEVGDRDFTLEPLRGDQPRSEVCGGDLALPPVPKEAVSGRVQLPQPLVEKSELAPTRGAVMEQGTSSSMTAESSPRSMLGYDRDGRQVASDSHVVPSVPQDVPAFVRPARVEPTDRDGGEAGESSAEPPPSDMGTVGGQASHPQTLGARALGSPRKRPEQQDVSSPAKTVGRFSVVSTQDEWTLASPHSLRYSAPPDVYLDEAPSSPDVKLAVRRAQTASSIEVGVGEPVSSDSGDEGPRARPPVQKQASLPVSGSVAGDFVKKATAFLQRPSRAGSLGPETPSRVGMKVPTISVTSFHSQSSYISSDNDSELEDADIKKELQSLREKHLKEISELQSQQKQEIEALYRRLGKPLPPNVGFFHTAPPTGRRRKTSKSKLKAGKLLNPLVRQLKVVASSTGHLADSSRGPPAKDPAQASVGLTADSTGLSGKAVQTQQPCSVRASLSSDICSGLASDGGGARGQGWTVYHPTSERVTYKSSSKPRARFLSGPVSVSIWSALKRLCLGKEHSSRSSTSSLAPGPEPGPQPALHVQAQVNNSNNKKGTFTDDLHKLVDEWTSKTVGAAQLKPTLNQLKQTQKLQDMEAQAGWAAPGEARAMTAPRAGVGMPRLPPAPGPLSTTVIPGAAPTLSVPTPDGALGTARRNQVWFGLRVPPTACCGHSTQPRGGQRVGSKTASFAASDPVRS*
chr9:93229811:A/T:1	chr9	93229811	A|T	1	WNK2	NM_006648	65268	coding	797	797	266	K>M	nonsyn	None	MDGDGGRRDVPGTLMEPGRGAGPAGMAEPRAKAARPGPQRFLRRSVVESDQEEPPGLEAAEAPGPQPPQPLQRRVLLLCKTRRLIAERARGRPAAPAPAALVAQPGAPGAPADAGPEPVGTQEPGPDPIAAAVETAPAPDGGPREEAAATVRKEDEGAAEAKPEPGRTRRDEPEEEEDDEDDLKAVATSLDGRFLKFDIELGRGSFKTVYKGLDTETWVEVAWCELQDRKLTKLERQRFKEEAEMLKGLQHPNIVRFYDFWESSAKGKRCIVLVTELMTSGTLKTYLKRFKVMKPKVLRSWCRQILKGLLFLHTRTPPIIHRDLKCDNIFITGPTGSVKIGDLGLATLKRASFAKSVIGTPEFMAPEMYEEHYDESVDVYAFGMCMLEMATSEYPYSECQNAAQIYRKVTCGIKPASFEKVHDPEIKEIIGECICKNKEERYEIKDLLSHAFFAEDTGVRVELAEEDHGRKSTIALRLWVEDPKKLKGKPKDNGAIEFTFDLEKETPDEVAQEMIESGFFHESDVKIVAKSIRDRVALIQWRRERIWPALQPKEQQDVGSPDKARGPPVPLQVQVTYHAQAGQPGPPEPEEPEADQHLLPPTLPTSATSLASDSTFDSGQGSTVYSDSQSSQQSVMLGSLADAAPSPAQCVCSPPVSEGPVLPQSLPSLGAYQQPTAAPGLPVGSVPAPACPPSLQQHFPDPAMSFAPVLPPPSTPMPTGPGQPAPPGQQPPPLAQPTPLPQVLAPQPVVPLQPVPPHLPPYLAPASQVGAPAQLKPLQMPQAPLQPLAQVPPQMPPIPVVPPITPLAGIDGLPPALPDLPTATVPPVPPPQYFSPAVILPSLAAPLPPASPALPLQAVKLPHPPGAPLAMPCRTIVPNAPATIPLLAVAPPGVAALSIHSAVAQLPGQPVYPAAFPQMAPTDVPPSPHHTVQNMRATPPQPALPPQPTLPPQPVLPPQPTLPPQPVLPPQPTRPPQPVLPPQPMLPPQPVLPPQPALPVRPEPLQPHLPEQAAPAATPGSQILLGHPAPYAVDVAAQVPTVPVPPAAVLSPPLPEVLLPAAPELLPQFPSSLATVSASVQSVPTQTATLLPPANPPLPGGPGIASPCPTVQLTVEPVQEEQASQDKPPGLPQSCESYGGSDVTSGKELSDSCEGAFGGGRLEGRAARKHHRRSTRARSRQERASRPRLTILNVCNTGDKMVECQLETHNHKMVTFKFDLDGDAPDEIATYMVEHDFILQAERETFIEQMKDVMDKAEDMLSEDTDADRGSDPGTSPPHLSTCGLGTGEESRQSQANAPVYQQNVLHTGKRWFIICPVAEHPAPEAPESSPPLPLSSLPPEASQDSAPYKDQLSSKEQPSFLASQQLLSQAGPSNPPGAPPAPLAPSSPPVTALPQDGAAPATSTMPEPASGTASQAGGPGTPQGLTSELETSQPLAETHEAPLAVQPLVVGLAPCTPAPEAASTRDASAPREPLPPPAPEPSPHSGTPQPALGQPAPLLPAAVGAVSLATSQLPSPPLGPTVPPQPPSALESDGEGPPPRVGFVDSTIKSLDEKLRTLLYQEHVPTSSASAGTPVEVGDRDFTLEPLRGDQPRSEVCGGDLALPPVPKEAVSGRVQLPQPLVEKSELAPTRGAVMEQGTSSSMTAESSPRSMLGYDRDGRQVASDSHVVPSVPQDVPAFVRPARVEPTDRDGGEAGESSAEPPPSDMGTVGGQASHPQTLGARALGSPRKRPEQQDVSSPAKTVGRFSVVSTQDEWTLASPHSLRYSAPPDVYLDEAPSSPDVKLAVRRAQTASSIEVGVGEPVSSDSGDEGPRARPPVQKQASLPVSGSVAGDFVKKATAFLQRPSRAGSLGPETPSRVGMKVPTISVTSFHSQSSYISSDNDSELEDADIKKELQSLREKHLKEISELQSQQKQEIEALYRRLGKPLPPNVGFFHTAPPTGRRRKTSKSKLKAGKLLNPLVRQLKVVASSTGHLADSSRGPPAKDPAQASVGLTADSTGLSGKAVQTQQPCSVRASLSSDICSGLASDGGGARGQGWTVYHPTSERVTYKSSSKPRARFLSGPVSVSIWSALKRLCLGKEHSSRSSTSSLAPGPEPGPQPALHVQAQVNNSNNKKGTFTDDLHKLVDEWTSKTVGAAQLKPTLNQLKQTQKLQDMEAQAGWAAPGEARAMTAPRAGVGMPRLPPAPGPLSTTVIPGAAPTLSVPTPDPESEKPD*|MDGDGGRRDVPGTLMEPGRGAGPAGMAEPRAKAARPGPQRFLRRSVVESDQEEPPGLEAAEAPGPQPPQPLQRRVLLLCKTRRLIAERARGRPAAPAPAALVAQPGAPGAPADAGPEPVGTQEPGPDPIAAAVETAPAPDGGPREEAAATVRKEDEGAAEAKPEPGRTRRDEPEEEEDDEDDLKAVATSLDGRFLKFDIELGRGSFKTVYKGLDTETWVEVAWCELQDRKLTKLERQRFKEEAEMLKGLQHPNIVRFYDFWESSAMGKRCIVLVTELMTSGTLKTYLKRFKVMKPKVLRSWCRQILKGLLFLHTRTPPIIHRDLKCDNIFITGPTGSVKIGDLGLATLKRASFAKSVIGTPEFMAPEMYEEHYDESVDVYAFGMCMLEMATSEYPYSECQNAAQIYRKVTCGIKPASFEKVHDPEIKEIIGECICKNKEERYEIKDLLSHAFFAEDTGVRVELAEEDHGRKSTIALRLWVEDPKKLKGKPKDNGAIEFTFDLEKETPDEVAQEMIESGFFHESDVKIVAKSIRDRVALIQWRRERIWPALQPKEQQDVGSPDKARGPPVPLQVQVTYHAQAGQPGPPEPEEPEADQHLLPPTLPTSATSLASDSTFDSGQGSTVYSDSQSSQQSVMLGSLADAAPSPAQCVCSPPVSEGPVLPQSLPSLGAYQQPTAAPGLPVGSVPAPACPPSLQQHFPDPAMSFAPVLPPPSTPMPTGPGQPAPPGQQPPPLAQPTPLPQVLAPQPVVPLQPVPPHLPPYLAPASQVGAPAQLKPLQMPQAPLQPLAQVPPQMPPIPVVPPITPLAGIDGLPPALPDLPTATVPPVPPPQYFSPAVILPSLAAPLPPASPALPLQAVKLPHPPGAPLAMPCRTIVPNAPATIPLLAVAPPGVAALSIHSAVAQLPGQPVYPAAFPQMAPTDVPPSPHHTVQNMRATPPQPALPPQPTLPPQPVLPPQPTLPPQPVLPPQPTRPPQPVLPPQPMLPPQPVLPPQPALPVRPEPLQPHLPEQAAPAATPGSQILLGHPAPYAVDVAAQVPTVPVPPAAVLSPPLPEVLLPAAPELLPQFPSSLATVSASVQSVPTQTATLLPPANPPLPGGPGIASPCPTVQLTVEPVQEEQASQDKPPGLPQSCESYGGSDVTSGKELSDSCEGAFGGGRLEGRAARKHHRRSTRARSRQERASRPRLTILNVCNTGDKMVECQLETHNHKMVTFKFDLDGDAPDEIATYMVEHDFILQAERETFIEQMKDVMDKAEDMLSEDTDADRGSDPGTSPPHLSTCGLGTGEESRQSQANAPVYQQNVLHTGKRWFIICPVAEHPAPEAPESSPPLPLSSLPPEASQDSAPYKDQLSSKEQPSFLASQQLLSQAGPSNPPGAPPAPLAPSSPPVTALPQDGAAPATSTMPEPASGTASQAGGPGTPQGLTSELETSQPLAETHEAPLAVQPLVVGLAPCTPAPEAASTRDASAPREPLPPPAPEPSPHSGTPQPALGQPAPLLPAAVGAVSLATSQLPSPPLGPTVPPQPPSALESDGEGPPPRVGFVDSTIKSLDEKLRTLLYQEHVPTSSASAGTPVEVGDRDFTLEPLRGDQPRSEVCGGDLALPPVPKEAVSGRVQLPQPLVEKSELAPTRGAVMEQGTSSSMTAESSPRSMLGYDRDGRQVASDSHVVPSVPQDVPAFVRPARVEPTDRDGGEAGESSAEPPPSDMGTVGGQASHPQTLGARALGSPRKRPEQQDVSSPAKTVGRFSVVSTQDEWTLASPHSLRYSAPPDVYLDEAPSSPDVKLAVRRAQTASSIEVGVGEPVSSDSGDEGPRARPPVQKQASLPVSGSVAGDFVKKATAFLQRPSRAGSLGPETPSRVGMKVPTISVTSFHSQSSYISSDNDSELEDADIKKELQSLREKHLKEISELQSQQKQEIEALYRRLGKPLPPNVGFFHTAPPTGRRRKTSKSKLKAGKLLNPLVRQLKVVASSTGHLADSSRGPPAKDPAQASVGLTADSTGLSGKAVQTQQPCSVRASLSSDICSGLASDGGGARGQGWTVYHPTSERVTYKSSSKPRARFLSGPVSVSIWSALKRLCLGKEHSSRSSTSSLAPGPEPGPQPALHVQAQVNNSNNKKGTFTDDLHKLVDEWTSKTVGAAQLKPTLNQLKQTQKLQDMEAQAGWAAPGEARAMTAPRAGVGMPRLPPAPGPLSTTVIPGAAPTLSVPTPDPESEKPD*
chr9:97428789:G/T:1	chr9	97428789	G|T	1	TDRD7	NM_001302884	23424	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	2144	None
chr9:97428789:G/T:1	chr9	97428789	G|T	1	TDRD7	NM_014290	23424	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	117	None
chr9:97664178:C/A:1	chr9	97664178	C|A	1	NCBP1	NM_001351504	4686	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	162	None
chr9:97664178:C/A:1	chr9	97664178	C|A	1	NCBP1	NM_001351505	4686	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	162	None
chr9:97664178:C/A:1	chr9	97664178	C|A	1	NCBP1	NM_001351506	4686	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	162	None
chr9:97664178:C/A:1	chr9	97664178	C|A	1	NCBP1	NM_001351507	4686	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	162	None
chr9:97664178:C/A:1	chr9	97664178	C|A	1	NCBP1	NM_002486	4686	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	162	None
chr9:104598758:G/A:1	chr9	104598758	G|A	1	OR13C5	NM_001004482	138799	coding	656	656	219	T>M	nonsyn	None	MEWENHTILVEFFLKGLSGHPRLELLFFVLIFIMYVVILLGNGTLILISILDPHLHTPMYFFLGNLSFLDICYTTTSIPSTLVSFLSERKTISLSGCAVQMFLSLAMGTTECVLLGVMAFDRYVAICNPLRYPIIMSKDAYVPMAAGSWIIGAVNSAVQTVFVVQLPFCRNNIINHFTCEILAVMKLACADISGNEFILLVTTTLFLLTPLLLIIVSYTLIILSIFKISSSEGRSKPSSTCSARLTVVITFCGTIFLMYMKPKSQETLNSDDLDATDKLIFIFYRVMTPMMNPLIYSLRNKDVKEAVKHLLRRKNFNK*|MEWENHTILVEFFLKGLSGHPRLELLFFVLIFIMYVVILLGNGTLILISILDPHLHTPMYFFLGNLSFLDICYTTTSIPSTLVSFLSERKTISLSGCAVQMFLSLAMGTTECVLLGVMAFDRYVAICNPLRYPIIMSKDAYVPMAAGSWIIGAVNSAVQTVFVVQLPFCRNNIINHFTCEILAVMKLACADISGNEFILLVTTTLFLLTPLLLIIVSYMLIILSIFKISSSEGRSKPSSTCSARLTVVITFCGTIFLMYMKPKSQETLNSDDLDATDKLIFIFYRVMTPMMNPLIYSLRNKDVKEAVKHLLRRKNFNK*
chr9:111594402:T/A:1	chr9	111594402	T|A	1	PTGR1	NM_001146108	22949	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	135	None
chr9:111594402:T/A:1	chr9	111594402	T|A	1	PTGR1	NM_001146109	22949	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	135	None
chr9:111594402:T/A:1	chr9	111594402	T|A	1	PTGR1	NM_012212	22949	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	135	None
chr9:114342195:G/T:1	chr9	114342195	G|T	1	AKNA	NM_001317950	80709	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	70	None
chr9:114342195:G/T:1	chr9	114342195	G|T	1	AKNA	NM_001317952	80709	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	70	None
chr9:114342195:G/T:1	chr9	114342195	G|T	1	AKNA	NM_030767	80709	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	70	None
chr9:120961515:C/A:1	chr9	120961515	C|A	1	C5	NM_001317163	727	coding	4911	4573	1525	V>F	nonsyn	None	MPGSLGREASGRAGPTGCGAFAFGLRCRYVISAPKIFRVGASENIVIQVYGYTEAFDATISIKSYPDKKFSYSSGHVHLSSENKFQNSAILTIQPKQLPGGQNPVSYVYLEVVSKHFSKSKRMPITYDNGFLFIHTDKPVYTPDQSVKVRVYSLNDDLKPAKRETVLTFIDPEGSEVDMVEEIDHIGIISFPDFKIPSNPRYGMWTIKAKYKEDFSTTGTAYFEVKEYVLPHFSVSIEPEYNFIGYKNFKNFEITIKARYFYNKVVTEADVYITFGIREDLKDDQKEMMQTAMQNTMLINGIAQVTFDSETAVKELSYYSLEDLNNKYLYIAVTVIESTGGFSEEAEIPGIKYVLSPYKLNLVATPLFLKPGIPYPIKVQVKDSLDQLVGGVPVTLNAQTIDVNQETSDLDPSKSVTRVDDGVASFVLNLPSGVTVLEFNVKTDAPDLPEENQAREGYRAIAYSSLSQSYLYIDWTDNHKALLVGEHLNIIVTPKSPYIDKITHYNYLILSKGKIIHFGTREKFSDASYQSINIPVTQNMVPSSRLLVYYIVTGEQTAELVSDSVWLNIEEKCGNQLQVHLSPDADAYSPGQTVSLNMATGMDSWVALAAVDSAVYGVQRGAKKPLERVFQFLEKSDLGCGAGGGLNNANVFHLAGLTFLTNANADDSQENDEPCKEILRPRRTLQKKIEEIAAKYKHSVVKKCCYDGACVNNDETCEQRAARISLGPRCIKAFTECCVVASQLRANISHKDMQLGRLHMKTLLPVSKPEIRSYFPESWLWEVHLVPRRKQLQFALPDSLTTWEIQGVGISNTGICVADTVKAKVFKDVFLEMNIPYSVVRGEQIQLKGTVYNYRTSGMQFCVKMSAVEGICTSESPVIDHQGTKSSKCVRQKVEGSSSHLVTFTVLPLEIGLHNINFSLETWFGKEILVKTLRVVPEGVKRESYSGVTLDPRGIYGTISRRKEFPYRIPLDLVPKTEIKRILSVKGLLVGEILSAVLSQEGINILTHLPKGSAEAELMSVVPVFYVFHYLETGNHWNIFHSDPLIEKQKLKKKLKEGMLSIMSYRNADYSYSVWKGGSASTWLTAFALRVLGQVNKYVEQNQNSICNSLLWLVENYQLDNGSFKENSQYQPIKLQGTLPVEARENSLYLTAFTVIGIRKAFDICPLVKIDTALIKADNFLLENTLPAQSTFTLAISAYALSLGDKTHPQFRSIVSALKREALVKGNPPIYRFWKDNLQHKDSSVPNTGTARMVETTAYALLTSLNLKDINYVNPVIKWLSEEQRYGGGFYSTQDTINAIEGLTEYSLLVKQLRLSMDIDVSYKHKGALHNYKMTDKNFLGRPVEVLLNDDLIVSTGFGSGLATVHVTTVVHKTSTSEEVCSFYLKIDTQDIEASHYRGYGNSDYKRIVACASYKPSREESSSGSSHAVMDISLPTGISANEEDLKALVEGVDQLFTDYQIKDGHVILQLNSIPSSDFLCVRFRIFELFEVGFLSPATFTVYEYHRPDKQCTMFYSTSNIKIQKVCEGAACKCVEADCGQMQEELDLTISAETRKQTACKPEIAYAYKVSITSITVENVFVKYKATLLDIYKTGEAVAEKDSEITFIKKVTCTNAELVKGRQYLIMGKEALQIKYNFSFRYIYPLDSLTWIEYWPRDTTCSSCQAFLANLDEFAEDIFLNGC*|MPGSLGREASGRAGPTGCGAFAFGLRCRYVISAPKIFRVGASENIVIQVYGYTEAFDATISIKSYPDKKFSYSSGHVHLSSENKFQNSAILTIQPKQLPGGQNPVSYVYLEVVSKHFSKSKRMPITYDNGFLFIHTDKPVYTPDQSVKVRVYSLNDDLKPAKRETVLTFIDPEGSEVDMVEEIDHIGIISFPDFKIPSNPRYGMWTIKAKYKEDFSTTGTAYFEVKEYVLPHFSVSIEPEYNFIGYKNFKNFEITIKARYFYNKVVTEADVYITFGIREDLKDDQKEMMQTAMQNTMLINGIAQVTFDSETAVKELSYYSLEDLNNKYLYIAVTVIESTGGFSEEAEIPGIKYVLSPYKLNLVATPLFLKPGIPYPIKVQVKDSLDQLVGGVPVTLNAQTIDVNQETSDLDPSKSVTRVDDGVASFVLNLPSGVTVLEFNVKTDAPDLPEENQAREGYRAIAYSSLSQSYLYIDWTDNHKALLVGEHLNIIVTPKSPYIDKITHYNYLILSKGKIIHFGTREKFSDASYQSINIPVTQNMVPSSRLLVYYIVTGEQTAELVSDSVWLNIEEKCGNQLQVHLSPDADAYSPGQTVSLNMATGMDSWVALAAVDSAVYGVQRGAKKPLERVFQFLEKSDLGCGAGGGLNNANVFHLAGLTFLTNANADDSQENDEPCKEILRPRRTLQKKIEEIAAKYKHSVVKKCCYDGACVNNDETCEQRAARISLGPRCIKAFTECCVVASQLRANISHKDMQLGRLHMKTLLPVSKPEIRSYFPESWLWEVHLVPRRKQLQFALPDSLTTWEIQGVGISNTGICVADTVKAKVFKDVFLEMNIPYSVVRGEQIQLKGTVYNYRTSGMQFCVKMSAVEGICTSESPVIDHQGTKSSKCVRQKVEGSSSHLVTFTVLPLEIGLHNINFSLETWFGKEILVKTLRVVPEGVKRESYSGVTLDPRGIYGTISRRKEFPYRIPLDLVPKTEIKRILSVKGLLVGEILSAVLSQEGINILTHLPKGSAEAELMSVVPVFYVFHYLETGNHWNIFHSDPLIEKQKLKKKLKEGMLSIMSYRNADYSYSVWKGGSASTWLTAFALRVLGQVNKYVEQNQNSICNSLLWLVENYQLDNGSFKENSQYQPIKLQGTLPVEARENSLYLTAFTVIGIRKAFDICPLVKIDTALIKADNFLLENTLPAQSTFTLAISAYALSLGDKTHPQFRSIVSALKREALVKGNPPIYRFWKDNLQHKDSSVPNTGTARMVETTAYALLTSLNLKDINYVNPVIKWLSEEQRYGGGFYSTQDTINAIEGLTEYSLLVKQLRLSMDIDVSYKHKGALHNYKMTDKNFLGRPVEVLLNDDLIVSTGFGSGLATVHVTTVVHKTSTSEEVCSFYLKIDTQDIEASHYRGYGNSDYKRIVACASYKPSREESSSGSSHAVMDISLPTGISANEEDLKALVEGVDQLFTDYQIKDGHVILQLNSIPSSDFLCVRFRIFELFEVGFLSPATFTVYEYHRPDKQCTMFYSTSNIKIQKFCEGAACKCVEADCGQMQEELDLTISAETRKQTACKPEIAYAYKVSITSITVENVFVKYKATLLDIYKTGEAVAEKDSEITFIKKVTCTNAELVKGRQYLIMGKEALQIKYNFSFRYIYPLDSLTWIEYWPRDTTCSSCQAFLANLDEFAEDIFLNGC*
chr9:120961515:C/A:1	chr9	120961515	C|A	1	C5	NM_001735	727	coding	4585	4555	1519	V>F	nonsyn	None	MGLLGILCFLIFLGKTWGQEQTYVISAPKIFRVGASENIVIQVYGYTEAFDATISIKSYPDKKFSYSSGHVHLSSENKFQNSAILTIQPKQLPGGQNPVSYVYLEVVSKHFSKSKRMPITYDNGFLFIHTDKPVYTPDQSVKVRVYSLNDDLKPAKRETVLTFIDPEGSEVDMVEEIDHIGIISFPDFKIPSNPRYGMWTIKAKYKEDFSTTGTAYFEVKEYVLPHFSVSIEPEYNFIGYKNFKNFEITIKARYFYNKVVTEADVYITFGIREDLKDDQKEMMQTAMQNTMLINGIAQVTFDSETAVKELSYYSLEDLNNKYLYIAVTVIESTGGFSEEAEIPGIKYVLSPYKLNLVATPLFLKPGIPYPIKVQVKDSLDQLVGGVPVTLNAQTIDVNQETSDLDPSKSVTRVDDGVASFVLNLPSGVTVLEFNVKTDAPDLPEENQAREGYRAIAYSSLSQSYLYIDWTDNHKALLVGEHLNIIVTPKSPYIDKITHYNYLILSKGKIIHFGTREKFSDASYQSINIPVTQNMVPSSRLLVYYIVTGEQTAELVSDSVWLNIEEKCGNQLQVHLSPDADAYSPGQTVSLNMATGMDSWVALAAVDSAVYGVQRGAKKPLERVFQFLEKSDLGCGAGGGLNNANVFHLAGLTFLTNANADDSQENDEPCKEILRPRRTLQKKIEEIAAKYKHSVVKKCCYDGACVNNDETCEQRAARISLGPRCIKAFTECCVVASQLRANISHKDMQLGRLHMKTLLPVSKPEIRSYFPESWLWEVHLVPRRKQLQFALPDSLTTWEIQGVGISNTGICVADTVKAKVFKDVFLEMNIPYSVVRGEQIQLKGTVYNYRTSGMQFCVKMSAVEGICTSESPVIDHQGTKSSKCVRQKVEGSSSHLVTFTVLPLEIGLHNINFSLETWFGKEILVKTLRVVPEGVKRESYSGVTLDPRGIYGTISRRKEFPYRIPLDLVPKTEIKRILSVKGLLVGEILSAVLSQEGINILTHLPKGSAEAELMSVVPVFYVFHYLETGNHWNIFHSDPLIEKQKLKKKLKEGMLSIMSYRNADYSYSVWKGGSASTWLTAFALRVLGQVNKYVEQNQNSICNSLLWLVENYQLDNGSFKENSQYQPIKLQGTLPVEARENSLYLTAFTVIGIRKAFDICPLVKIDTALIKADNFLLENTLPAQSTFTLAISAYALSLGDKTHPQFRSIVSALKREALVKGNPPIYRFWKDNLQHKDSSVPNTGTARMVETTAYALLTSLNLKDINYVNPVIKWLSEEQRYGGGFYSTQDTINAIEGLTEYSLLVKQLRLSMDIDVSYKHKGALHNYKMTDKNFLGRPVEVLLNDDLIVSTGFGSGLATVHVTTVVHKTSTSEEVCSFYLKIDTQDIEASHYRGYGNSDYKRIVACASYKPSREESSSGSSHAVMDISLPTGISANEEDLKALVEGVDQLFTDYQIKDGHVILQLNSIPSSDFLCVRFRIFELFEVGFLSPATFTVYEYHRPDKQCTMFYSTSNIKIQKVCEGAACKCVEADCGQMQEELDLTISAETRKQTACKPEIAYAYKVSITSITVENVFVKYKATLLDIYKTGEAVAEKDSEITFIKKVTCTNAELVKGRQYLIMGKEALQIKYNFSFRYIYPLDSLTWIEYWPRDTTCSSCQAFLANLDEFAEDIFLNGC*|MGLLGILCFLIFLGKTWGQEQTYVISAPKIFRVGASENIVIQVYGYTEAFDATISIKSYPDKKFSYSSGHVHLSSENKFQNSAILTIQPKQLPGGQNPVSYVYLEVVSKHFSKSKRMPITYDNGFLFIHTDKPVYTPDQSVKVRVYSLNDDLKPAKRETVLTFIDPEGSEVDMVEEIDHIGIISFPDFKIPSNPRYGMWTIKAKYKEDFSTTGTAYFEVKEYVLPHFSVSIEPEYNFIGYKNFKNFEITIKARYFYNKVVTEADVYITFGIREDLKDDQKEMMQTAMQNTMLINGIAQVTFDSETAVKELSYYSLEDLNNKYLYIAVTVIESTGGFSEEAEIPGIKYVLSPYKLNLVATPLFLKPGIPYPIKVQVKDSLDQLVGGVPVTLNAQTIDVNQETSDLDPSKSVTRVDDGVASFVLNLPSGVTVLEFNVKTDAPDLPEENQAREGYRAIAYSSLSQSYLYIDWTDNHKALLVGEHLNIIVTPKSPYIDKITHYNYLILSKGKIIHFGTREKFSDASYQSINIPVTQNMVPSSRLLVYYIVTGEQTAELVSDSVWLNIEEKCGNQLQVHLSPDADAYSPGQTVSLNMATGMDSWVALAAVDSAVYGVQRGAKKPLERVFQFLEKSDLGCGAGGGLNNANVFHLAGLTFLTNANADDSQENDEPCKEILRPRRTLQKKIEEIAAKYKHSVVKKCCYDGACVNNDETCEQRAARISLGPRCIKAFTECCVVASQLRANISHKDMQLGRLHMKTLLPVSKPEIRSYFPESWLWEVHLVPRRKQLQFALPDSLTTWEIQGVGISNTGICVADTVKAKVFKDVFLEMNIPYSVVRGEQIQLKGTVYNYRTSGMQFCVKMSAVEGICTSESPVIDHQGTKSSKCVRQKVEGSSSHLVTFTVLPLEIGLHNINFSLETWFGKEILVKTLRVVPEGVKRESYSGVTLDPRGIYGTISRRKEFPYRIPLDLVPKTEIKRILSVKGLLVGEILSAVLSQEGINILTHLPKGSAEAELMSVVPVFYVFHYLETGNHWNIFHSDPLIEKQKLKKKLKEGMLSIMSYRNADYSYSVWKGGSASTWLTAFALRVLGQVNKYVEQNQNSICNSLLWLVENYQLDNGSFKENSQYQPIKLQGTLPVEARENSLYLTAFTVIGIRKAFDICPLVKIDTALIKADNFLLENTLPAQSTFTLAISAYALSLGDKTHPQFRSIVSALKREALVKGNPPIYRFWKDNLQHKDSSVPNTGTARMVETTAYALLTSLNLKDINYVNPVIKWLSEEQRYGGGFYSTQDTINAIEGLTEYSLLVKQLRLSMDIDVSYKHKGALHNYKMTDKNFLGRPVEVLLNDDLIVSTGFGSGLATVHVTTVVHKTSTSEEVCSFYLKIDTQDIEASHYRGYGNSDYKRIVACASYKPSREESSSGSSHAVMDISLPTGISANEEDLKALVEGVDQLFTDYQIKDGHVILQLNSIPSSDFLCVRFRIFELFEVGFLSPATFTVYEYHRPDKQCTMFYSTSNIKIQKFCEGAACKCVEADCGQMQEELDLTISAETRKQTACKPEIAYAYKVSITSITVENVFVKYKATLLDIYKTGEAVAEKDSEITFIKKVTCTNAELVKGRQYLIMGKEALQIKYNFSFRYIYPLDSLTWIEYWPRDTTCSSCQAFLANLDEFAEDIFLNGC*
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_000177	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001127662	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001127663	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001127664	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001127665	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001127666	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001127667	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001258029	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001258030	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353053	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353054	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353055	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353056	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353057	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353058	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353059	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353060	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353061	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353062	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353063	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353064	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353065	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353066	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353067	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353068	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353069	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353070	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353071	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353072	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353073	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353074	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353075	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353076	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353077	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_001353078	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121312182:C/T:1	chr9	121312182	C|T	1	GSN	NM_198252	2934	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	157	None
chr9:121578321:C/A:1	chr9	121578321	C|A	1	DAB2IP	NM_032552	153090	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	11093	None
chr9:122849785:A/G:1	chr9	122849785	A|G	1	RC3H2	NM_001354478	54542	3utr	3708	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:122849785:A/G:1	chr9	122849785	A|G	1	RC3H2	NM_001100588	54542	coding	3735	3418	1140	F>L	nonsyn	None	MPVQAAQWTEFLSCPICYNEFDENVHKPISLGCSHTVCKTCLNKLHRKACPFDQTAINTDIDVLPVNFALLQLVGAQVPDHQSIKLSNLGENKHYEVAKKCVEDLALYLKPLSGGKGVASLNQSALSRPMQRKLVTLVNCQLVEEEGRVRAMRAARSLGERTVTELILQHQNPQQLSANLWAAVRARGCQFLGPAMQEEALKLVLLALEDGSALSRKVLVLFVVQRLEPRFPQASKTSIGHVVQLLYRASCFKVTKRDEDSSLMQLKEEFRSYEALRREHDAQIVHIAMEAGLRISPEQWSSLLYGDLAHKSHMQSIIDKLQSPESFAKSVQELTIVLQRTGDPANLNRLRPHLELLANIDPNPDAVSPTWEQLENAMVAVKTVVHGLVDFIQNYSRKGHETPQPQPNSKYKTSMCRDLRQQGGCPRGTNCTFAHSQEELEKYRLRNKKINATVRTFPLLNKVGVNNTVTTTAGNVISVIGSTETTGKIVPSTNGISNAENSVSQLISRSTDSTLRALETVKKVGKVGANGQNAAGPSADSVTENKIGSPPKTPVSNVAATSAGPSNVGTELNSVPQKSSPFLTRVPVYPPHSENIQYFQDPRTQIPFEVPQYPQTGYYPPPPTVPAGVAPCVPRFVRSNNVPESSLPPASMPYADHYSTFSPRDRMNSSPYQPPPPQPYGPVPPVPSGMYAPVYDSRRIWRPPMYQRDDIIRSNSLPPMDVMHSSVYQTSLRERYNSLDGYYSVACQPPSEPRTTVPLPREPCGHLKTSCEEQIRRKPDQWAQYHTQKAPLVSSTLPVATQSPTPPSPLFSVDFRADFSESVSGTKFEEDHLSHYSPWSCGTIGSCINAIDSEPKDVIANSNAVLMDLDSGDVKRRVHLFETQRRTKEEDPIIPFSDGPIISKWGAISRSSRTGYHTTDPVQATASQGSATKPISVSDYVPYVNAVDSRWSSYGNEATSSAHYVERDRFIVTDLSGHRKHSSTGDLLSLELQQAKSNSLLLQREANALAMQQKWNSLDEGRHLTLNLLSKEIELRNGELQSDYTEDATDTKPDRDIELELSALDTDEPDGQSEPIEEILDIQLGISSQNDQLLNGMAVENGHPVQQHQKEPPKQKKQSLGEDHVILEEQKTILPVTSCFSQPLPVSISNASCLPITTSVSAGNLILKTHVMSEDKNDFLKPVANGKMVNS*|MPVQAAQWTEFLSCPICYNEFDENVHKPISLGCSHTVCKTCLNKLHRKACPFDQTAINTDIDVLPVNFALLQLVGAQVPDHQSIKLSNLGENKHYEVAKKCVEDLALYLKPLSGGKGVASLNQSALSRPMQRKLVTLVNCQLVEEEGRVRAMRAARSLGERTVTELILQHQNPQQLSANLWAAVRARGCQFLGPAMQEEALKLVLLALEDGSALSRKVLVLFVVQRLEPRFPQASKTSIGHVVQLLYRASCFKVTKRDEDSSLMQLKEEFRSYEALRREHDAQIVHIAMEAGLRISPEQWSSLLYGDLAHKSHMQSIIDKLQSPESFAKSVQELTIVLQRTGDPANLNRLRPHLELLANIDPNPDAVSPTWEQLENAMVAVKTVVHGLVDFIQNYSRKGHETPQPQPNSKYKTSMCRDLRQQGGCPRGTNCTFAHSQEELEKYRLRNKKINATVRTFPLLNKVGVNNTVTTTAGNVISVIGSTETTGKIVPSTNGISNAENSVSQLISRSTDSTLRALETVKKVGKVGANGQNAAGPSADSVTENKIGSPPKTPVSNVAATSAGPSNVGTELNSVPQKSSPFLTRVPVYPPHSENIQYFQDPRTQIPFEVPQYPQTGYYPPPPTVPAGVAPCVPRFVRSNNVPESSLPPASMPYADHYSTFSPRDRMNSSPYQPPPPQPYGPVPPVPSGMYAPVYDSRRIWRPPMYQRDDIIRSNSLPPMDVMHSSVYQTSLRERYNSLDGYYSVACQPPSEPRTTVPLPREPCGHLKTSCEEQIRRKPDQWAQYHTQKAPLVSSTLPVATQSPTPPSPLFSVDFRADFSESVSGTKFEEDHLSHYSPWSCGTIGSCINAIDSEPKDVIANSNAVLMDLDSGDVKRRVHLFETQRRTKEEDPIIPFSDGPIISKWGAISRSSRTGYHTTDPVQATASQGSATKPISVSDYVPYVNAVDSRWSSYGNEATSSAHYVERDRFIVTDLSGHRKHSSTGDLLSLELQQAKSNSLLLQREANALAMQQKWNSLDEGRHLTLNLLSKEIELRNGELQSDYTEDATDTKPDRDIELELSALDTDEPDGQSEPIEEILDIQLGISSQNDQLLNGMAVENGHPVQQHQKEPPKQKKQSLGEDHVILEEQKTILPVTSCLSQPLPVSISNASCLPITTSVSAGNLILKTHVMSEDKNDFLKPVANGKMVNS*
chr9:122849785:A/G:1	chr9	122849785	A|G	1	RC3H2	NM_001354479	54542	coding	3556	3247	1083	F>L	nonsyn	None	MPVQAAQWTEFLSCPICYNEFDENVHKPISLGCSHTVCKTCLNKLHRKACPFDQTAINTDIDVLPVNFALLQLVGAQVPDHQSIKLSNLGENKHYEVAKKCVEDLALYLKPLSGGKGVASLNQSALSRPMQRKLVTLVNCQLVEEEGRVRAMRAARSLGERTVTELILQHQNPQQLSANLWAAVRARGCQFLGPAMQEEALKLVLLALEDGSALSRKVLVLFVVQRLEPRFPQASKTSIGHVVQLLYRASCFKVTKRDEDSSLMQLKEEFRSYEALRREHDAQIVHIAMEAGLRISPEQWSSLLYGDLAHKSHMQSIIDKLQSPESFAKSVQELTIVLQRTGDPANLNRLRPHLELLANIDPNPDAVSPTWEQLENAMVAVKTVVHGLVDFIQNYSRKGHETPQPQPNSKYKTSMCRDLRQQGGCPRGTNCTFAHSQEELEKYRLRNKKINATVRTFPLLNKVGVNNTVTTTAGNVISVIGSTETTGKIVPSTNGISNAENSVSQLISRSTDSTLRALETVKKVGKVGANGQNAAGPSADSVTENKIGSPPKTPVSNVAATSAGPSNVGTELNSVPQKSSPFLTRVPVYPPHSENIQYFQDPRTQIPFEVPQYPQTGYYPPPPTVPAGVAPCVPRFVRSNNVPESSLPPASMPYADHYSTFSPRDRMNSSPYQPPPPQPYGPVPPVPSGMYAPVYDSRRIWRPPMYQRDDIIRSNSLPPMDVMHSSVYQTSLRERYNSLDGYYSVACQPPSEPRTTVPLPRFSESVSGTKFEEDHLSHYSPWSCGTIGSCINAIDSEPKDVIANSNAVLMDLDSGDVKRRVHLFETQRRTKEEDPIIPFSDGPIISKWGAISRSSRTGYHTTDPVQATASQGSATKPISVSDYVPYVNAVDSRWSSYGNEATSSAHYVERDRFIVTDLSGHRKHSSTGDLLSLELQQAKSNSLLLQREANALAMQQKWNSLDEGRHLTLNLLSKEIELRNGELQSDYTEDATDTKPDRDIELELSALDTDEPDGQSEPIEEILDIQLGISSQNDQLLNGMAVENGHPVQQHQKEPPKQKKQSLGEDHVILEEQKTILPVTSCFSQPLPVSISNASCLPITTSVSAGNLILKTHVMSEDKNDFLKPVANGKMVNS*|MPVQAAQWTEFLSCPICYNEFDENVHKPISLGCSHTVCKTCLNKLHRKACPFDQTAINTDIDVLPVNFALLQLVGAQVPDHQSIKLSNLGENKHYEVAKKCVEDLALYLKPLSGGKGVASLNQSALSRPMQRKLVTLVNCQLVEEEGRVRAMRAARSLGERTVTELILQHQNPQQLSANLWAAVRARGCQFLGPAMQEEALKLVLLALEDGSALSRKVLVLFVVQRLEPRFPQASKTSIGHVVQLLYRASCFKVTKRDEDSSLMQLKEEFRSYEALRREHDAQIVHIAMEAGLRISPEQWSSLLYGDLAHKSHMQSIIDKLQSPESFAKSVQELTIVLQRTGDPANLNRLRPHLELLANIDPNPDAVSPTWEQLENAMVAVKTVVHGLVDFIQNYSRKGHETPQPQPNSKYKTSMCRDLRQQGGCPRGTNCTFAHSQEELEKYRLRNKKINATVRTFPLLNKVGVNNTVTTTAGNVISVIGSTETTGKIVPSTNGISNAENSVSQLISRSTDSTLRALETVKKVGKVGANGQNAAGPSADSVTENKIGSPPKTPVSNVAATSAGPSNVGTELNSVPQKSSPFLTRVPVYPPHSENIQYFQDPRTQIPFEVPQYPQTGYYPPPPTVPAGVAPCVPRFVRSNNVPESSLPPASMPYADHYSTFSPRDRMNSSPYQPPPPQPYGPVPPVPSGMYAPVYDSRRIWRPPMYQRDDIIRSNSLPPMDVMHSSVYQTSLRERYNSLDGYYSVACQPPSEPRTTVPLPRFSESVSGTKFEEDHLSHYSPWSCGTIGSCINAIDSEPKDVIANSNAVLMDLDSGDVKRRVHLFETQRRTKEEDPIIPFSDGPIISKWGAISRSSRTGYHTTDPVQATASQGSATKPISVSDYVPYVNAVDSRWSSYGNEATSSAHYVERDRFIVTDLSGHRKHSSTGDLLSLELQQAKSNSLLLQREANALAMQQKWNSLDEGRHLTLNLLSKEIELRNGELQSDYTEDATDTKPDRDIELELSALDTDEPDGQSEPIEEILDIQLGISSQNDQLLNGMAVENGHPVQQHQKEPPKQKKQSLGEDHVILEEQKTILPVTSCLSQPLPVSISNASCLPITTSVSAGNLILKTHVMSEDKNDFLKPVANGKMVNS*
chr9:122849785:A/G:1	chr9	122849785	A|G	1	RC3H2	NM_001354482	54542	coding	3613	3304	1102	F>L	nonsyn	None	MPVQAAQWTEFLSCPICYNEFDENVHKPISLGCSHTVCKTCLNKLHRKACPFDQTAINTDIDVLPVNFALLQLVGAQVPDHQSIKLSNLGENKHYEVAKKCVEDLALYLKPLSGGKGVASLNQSALSRPMQRKLVTLVNCQLVEEEGRVRAMRAARSLGERTVTELILQHQNPQQLSANLWAAVRARGCQFLGPAMQEEALKLVLLALEDGSALSRKVLVLFVVQRLEPRFPQASKTSIGHVVQLLYRASCFKVTKRDEDSSLMQLKEEFRSYEALRREHDAQIVHIAMEAGLRISPEQWSSLLYGDLAHKSHMQSIIDKLQSPESFAKSVQELTIVLQRTGDPANLNRLRPHLELLANIDPNPDAVSPTWEQLENAMVAVKTVVHGLVDFIQNYSRKGHETPQPQPNSKYKTSMCRDLRQQGGCPRGTNCTFAHSQEELEKYRLRNKKINATVRTFPLLNKVGVNNTVTTTAGNVISVIGSTETTGKIVPSTNGISNAENSVSQLISRSTDSTLRALETVKKVGKVGANGQNAAGPSADSVTENKIGSPPKTPVSNVAATSAGPSNVGTELNSVPQKSSPFLTRVPVYPPHSENIQYFQDPRTQIPFEVPQYPQTGYYPPPPTVPAGVAPCVPRFVRSNNVPESSLPPASMPYADHYSTFSPRDRMNSSPYQPPPPQPYGPVPPVPSGMYAPVYDSRRIWRPPMYQRDDIIRSNSLPPMDVMHSSVYQTSLRERYNSLDGYYSVACQPPSEPRTTVPLPREPCGHLKTSCEEQIRRKPDQWAQYHTQKAPLVSSTLPVATQSPTPPSPLFSVDFRADFSESVSGTKFEEDHLSHYSPWSCGTIGSCINAIDSEPKDVIANSNAVLMDLDSGDVKRRVHLFETQRRTKEEDPIIPFSDGPIISKWGAISRSSRTGYHTTDPVQATASQGSATKPISVSDYVPYVNAVDSRWSSYGNEATSSAHYVERDRFIVTDLSGHRKHSSTGDLLSLELQQAKSNSLLLQREANALAMQQKWNSLDEGRHLTLNLLSKEIELRNGEEILDIQLGISSQNDQLLNGMAVENGHPVQQHQKEPPKQKKQSLGEDHVILEEQKTILPVTSCFSQPLPVSISNASCLPITTSVSAGNLILKTHVMSEDKNDFLKPVANGKMVNS*|MPVQAAQWTEFLSCPICYNEFDENVHKPISLGCSHTVCKTCLNKLHRKACPFDQTAINTDIDVLPVNFALLQLVGAQVPDHQSIKLSNLGENKHYEVAKKCVEDLALYLKPLSGGKGVASLNQSALSRPMQRKLVTLVNCQLVEEEGRVRAMRAARSLGERTVTELILQHQNPQQLSANLWAAVRARGCQFLGPAMQEEALKLVLLALEDGSALSRKVLVLFVVQRLEPRFPQASKTSIGHVVQLLYRASCFKVTKRDEDSSLMQLKEEFRSYEALRREHDAQIVHIAMEAGLRISPEQWSSLLYGDLAHKSHMQSIIDKLQSPESFAKSVQELTIVLQRTGDPANLNRLRPHLELLANIDPNPDAVSPTWEQLENAMVAVKTVVHGLVDFIQNYSRKGHETPQPQPNSKYKTSMCRDLRQQGGCPRGTNCTFAHSQEELEKYRLRNKKINATVRTFPLLNKVGVNNTVTTTAGNVISVIGSTETTGKIVPSTNGISNAENSVSQLISRSTDSTLRALETVKKVGKVGANGQNAAGPSADSVTENKIGSPPKTPVSNVAATSAGPSNVGTELNSVPQKSSPFLTRVPVYPPHSENIQYFQDPRTQIPFEVPQYPQTGYYPPPPTVPAGVAPCVPRFVRSNNVPESSLPPASMPYADHYSTFSPRDRMNSSPYQPPPPQPYGPVPPVPSGMYAPVYDSRRIWRPPMYQRDDIIRSNSLPPMDVMHSSVYQTSLRERYNSLDGYYSVACQPPSEPRTTVPLPREPCGHLKTSCEEQIRRKPDQWAQYHTQKAPLVSSTLPVATQSPTPPSPLFSVDFRADFSESVSGTKFEEDHLSHYSPWSCGTIGSCINAIDSEPKDVIANSNAVLMDLDSGDVKRRVHLFETQRRTKEEDPIIPFSDGPIISKWGAISRSSRTGYHTTDPVQATASQGSATKPISVSDYVPYVNAVDSRWSSYGNEATSSAHYVERDRFIVTDLSGHRKHSSTGDLLSLELQQAKSNSLLLQREANALAMQQKWNSLDEGRHLTLNLLSKEIELRNGEEILDIQLGISSQNDQLLNGMAVENGHPVQQHQKEPPKQKKQSLGEDHVILEEQKTILPVTSCLSQPLPVSISNASCLPITTSVSAGNLILKTHVMSEDKNDFLKPVANGKMVNS*
chr9:124921607:C/T:1	chr9	124921607	C|T	1	GOLGA1	NM_002077	2800	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	116	None
chr9:125171223:T/A:1	chr9	125171223	T|A	1	PPP6C	NM_001123355	5537	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr9:125171223:T/A:1	chr9	125171223	T|A	1	PPP6C	NM_001123369	5537	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr9:125171223:T/A:1	chr9	125171223	T|A	1	PPP6C	NM_002721	5537	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	43	None
chr9:128360555:C/A:1	chr9	128360555	C|A	1	MIR1268A	NR_031672	100302233	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7127	None
chr9:128360555:C/A:1	chr9	128360555	C|A	1	SLC27A4	NM_005094	10999	3utr	2314	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:129110977:A/C:1	chr9	129110977	A|C	1	PTPA	NM_001271832	5524	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:129110977:A/C:1	chr9	129110977	A|C	1	PTPA	NM_178000	5524	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:129110977:A/C:1	chr9	129110977	A|C	1	PTPA	NM_178001	5524	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:129110977:A/C:1	chr9	129110977	A|C	1	PTPA	NM_178003	5524	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:129110977:A/C:1	chr9	129110977	A|C	1	PTPA	NM_001193397	5524	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:129110977:A/C:1	chr9	129110977	A|C	1	CRAT	NM_000755	1384	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:129110977:A/C:1	chr9	129110977	A|C	1	CRAT	NM_001257363	1384	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:129110977:A/C:1	chr9	129110977	A|C	1	CRAT	NM_001346546	1384	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:129110977:A/C:1	chr9	129110977	A|C	1	CRAT	NM_001346547	1384	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:129110977:A/C:1	chr9	129110977	A|C	1	CRAT	NM_001346548	1384	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:129110977:A/C:1	chr9	129110977	A|C	1	CRAT	NM_001346549	1384	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:129110977:A/C:1	chr9	129110977	A|C	1	CRAT	NM_004003	1384	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:129110977:A/C:1	chr9	129110977	A|C	1	PTPA	NM_021131	5524	5utr	29	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:130079837:T/A:1	chr9	130079837	T|A	1	GPR107	NM_001136557	57720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	68	None
chr9:130079837:T/A:1	chr9	130079837	T|A	1	GPR107	NM_001136558	57720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	68	None
chr9:130079837:T/A:1	chr9	130079837	T|A	1	GPR107	NM_001287346	57720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	68	None
chr9:130079837:T/A:1	chr9	130079837	T|A	1	GPR107	NM_020960	57720	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	68	None
chr9:131117993:A/C:1	chr9	131117993	A|C	1	AIF1L	NM_001185096	83543	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	146	None
chr9:131117993:A/C:1	chr9	131117993	A|C	1	AIF1L	NM_001185095	83543	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	75	None
chr9:131117993:A/C:1	chr9	131117993	A|C	1	AIF1L	NM_031426	83543	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	75	None
chr9:131117993:A/C:1	chr9	131117993	A|C	1	AIF1L	NR_033701	83543	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	75	None
chr9:131215059:A/G:1	chr9	131215059	A|G	1	NUP214	NM_001318324	8021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	153	None
chr9:131215059:A/G:1	chr9	131215059	A|G	1	NUP214	NM_001318325	8021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	153	None
chr9:131215059:A/G:1	chr9	131215059	A|G	1	NUP214	NM_005085	8021	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	153	None
chr9:131592242:G/T:1	chr9	131592242	G|T	1	RAPGEF1	NM_001304275	2889	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chr9:131592242:G/T:1	chr9	131592242	G|T	1	RAPGEF1	NM_005312	2889	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chr9:131592242:G/T:1	chr9	131592242	G|T	1	RAPGEF1	NM_198679	2889	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chr9:133439628:C/T:1	chr9	133439628	C|T	1	ADAMTS13	NM_139025	11093	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	182	None
chr9:133439628:C/T:1	chr9	133439628	C|T	1	ADAMTS13	NM_139026	11093	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	182	None
chr9:133439628:C/T:1	chr9	133439628	C|T	1	ADAMTS13	NM_139027	11093	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	182	None
chr9:133439628:C/T:1	chr9	133439628	C|T	1	ADAMTS13	NR_024514	11093	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	182	None
chr9:133472046:G/A:1	chr9	133472046	G|A	1	CACFD1	NM_001135775	11094	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:133472046:G/A:1	chr9	133472046	G|A	1	CACFD1	NM_001242369	11094	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:133472046:G/A:1	chr9	133472046	G|A	1	CACFD1	NM_001242370	11094	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:133472046:G/A:1	chr9	133472046	G|A	1	CACFD1	NM_017586	11094	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chr9:133472046:G/A:1	chr9	133472046	G|A	1	SLC2A6	NM_001145099	11182	coding	1408	1313	438	T>M	nonsyn	None	MQEPLLGAEGPDYDTFPEKPPPSPGDRARVGTLQNKRVFLATFAAVLGNFSFGYALVYTSPVIPALERSLDPDLHLTKSQASWFGSVFTLGAAAGGLSAMILNDLLGRKLSIMFSAVPSAAGYALMAGAHGLWMLLLGRTLTGFAGGLTAACIPVYVSEIAPPGVRGALGATPQLMAVFGSLSLYALGLLLPWRWLAVAGEAPVLIMILLLSFMPNSPRFLLSRGRDEEALRALAWLRGTDVDVHWEFEQIQDNVRRQSSRVSWAEARAPHVCRPITVALLMRLLQQLTGITPILVYLQSIFDSTAVLLPPKDDAAIVGAVRLLSVLIAALTMDLAGRKVLLFVSGYAVGWGPITWLLMSEVLPLRARGVASGLCVLASWLTAFVLTKSFLPVVSTFGLQVPFFFFAAICLVSLVFTGCCVPETKGRSLEQIESFFRTGRRSFLR*|MQEPLLGAEGPDYDTFPEKPPPSPGDRARVGTLQNKRVFLATFAAVLGNFSFGYALVYTSPVIPALERSLDPDLHLTKSQASWFGSVFTLGAAAGGLSAMILNDLLGRKLSIMFSAVPSAAGYALMAGAHGLWMLLLGRTLTGFAGGLTAACIPVYVSEIAPPGVRGALGATPQLMAVFGSLSLYALGLLLPWRWLAVAGEAPVLIMILLLSFMPNSPRFLLSRGRDEEALRALAWLRGTDVDVHWEFEQIQDNVRRQSSRVSWAEARAPHVCRPITVALLMRLLQQLTGITPILVYLQSIFDSTAVLLPPKDDAAIVGAVRLLSVLIAALTMDLAGRKVLLFVSGYAVGWGPITWLLMSEVLPLRARGVASGLCVLASWLTAFVLTKSFLPVVSTFGLQVPFFFFAAICLVSLVFTGCCVPETKGRSLEQIESFFRMGRRSFLR*
chr9:133472046:G/A:1	chr9	133472046	G|A	1	SLC2A6	NM_017585	11182	coding	1539	1499	500	T>M	nonsyn	None	MQEPLLGAEGPDYDTFPEKPPPSPGDRARVGTLQNKRVFLATFAAVLGNFSFGYALVYTSPVIPALERSLDPDLHLTKSQASWFGSVFTLGAAAGGLSAMILNDLLGRKLSIMFSAVPSAAGYALMAGAHGLWMLLLGRTLTGFAGGLTAACIPVYVSEIAPPGVRGALGATPQLMAVFGSLSLYALGLLLPWRWLAVAGEAPVLIMILLLSFMPNSPRFLLSRGRDEEALRALAWLRGTDVDVHWEFEQIQDNVRRQSSRVSWAEARAPHVCRPITVALLMRLLQQLTGITPILVYLQSIFDSTAVLLPPKDDAAIVGAVRLLSVLIAALTMDLAGRKVLLFVSAAIMFAANLTLGLYIHFGPRPLSPNSTAGLESESWGDLAQPLAAPAGYLTLVPLLATMLFIMGYAVGWGPITWLLMSEVLPLRARGVASGLCVLASWLTAFVLTKSFLPVVSTFGLQVPFFFFAAICLVSLVFTGCCVPETKGRSLEQIESFFRTGRRSFLR*|MQEPLLGAEGPDYDTFPEKPPPSPGDRARVGTLQNKRVFLATFAAVLGNFSFGYALVYTSPVIPALERSLDPDLHLTKSQASWFGSVFTLGAAAGGLSAMILNDLLGRKLSIMFSAVPSAAGYALMAGAHGLWMLLLGRTLTGFAGGLTAACIPVYVSEIAPPGVRGALGATPQLMAVFGSLSLYALGLLLPWRWLAVAGEAPVLIMILLLSFMPNSPRFLLSRGRDEEALRALAWLRGTDVDVHWEFEQIQDNVRRQSSRVSWAEARAPHVCRPITVALLMRLLQQLTGITPILVYLQSIFDSTAVLLPPKDDAAIVGAVRLLSVLIAALTMDLAGRKVLLFVSAAIMFAANLTLGLYIHFGPRPLSPNSTAGLESESWGDLAQPLAAPAGYLTLVPLLATMLFIMGYAVGWGPITWLLMSEVLPLRARGVASGLCVLASWLTAFVLTKSFLPVVSTFGLQVPFFFFAAICLVSLVFTGCCVPETKGRSLEQIESFFRMGRRSFLR*
chr9:133730014:G/T:1	chr9	133730014	G|T	1	SARDH	NM_001134707	1757	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	50	None
chr9:133730014:G/T:1	chr9	133730014	G|T	1	SARDH	NM_007101	1757	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	50	None
chr9:134155272:C/G:1	chr9	134155272	C|G	1	WDR5	NM_017588	11091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	68	None
chr9:134155272:C/G:1	chr9	134155272	C|G	1	WDR5	NM_052821	11091	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	68	None
chr9:134782781:A/G:1	chr9	134782781	A|G	1	COL5A1	NM_000093	1289	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61	None
chr9:134782781:A/G:1	chr9	134782781	A|G	1	COL5A1	NM_001278074	1289	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	61	None
chr9:134914627:C/T:1	chr9	134914627	C|T	1	FCN1	NM_002003	2219	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	129	None
chr9:136405081:A/C:1	chr9	136405081	A|C	1	ENTR1	NM_001039707	10807	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10	None
chr9:136405081:A/C:1	chr9	136405081	A|C	1	ENTR1	NM_001039708	10807	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10	None
chr9:136405081:A/C:1	chr9	136405081	A|C	1	ENTR1	NM_006643	10807	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10	None
chr9:137588624:G/A:1	chr9	137588624	G|A	1	ZMYND19	NM_138462	116225	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	35	None
chrX:1624068:G/T:1	chrX	1624068	G|T	1	ASMT	NM_001171038	438	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chrX:1624068:G/T:1	chrX	1624068	G|T	1	ASMT	NM_001171039	438	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chrX:1624068:G/T:1	chrX	1624068	G|T	1	ASMT	NM_004043	438	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	201	None
chrX:18910786:G/T:1	chrX	18910786	G|T	1	PHKA2	NM_000292	5256	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	86	None
chrX:19355267:G/T:1	chrX	19355267	G|T	1	PDHA1	NM_001173456	5160	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	82	None
chrX:19355267:G/T:1	chrX	19355267	G|T	1	PDHA1	NM_000284	5160	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	82	None
chrX:19355267:G/T:1	chrX	19355267	G|T	1	PDHA1	NM_001173454	5160	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	82	None
chrX:19355267:G/T:1	chrX	19355267	G|T	1	PDHA1	NM_001173455	5160	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	82	None
chrX:21985061:A/T:1	chrX	21985061	A|T	1	SMS	NM_001258423	6611	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	83	None
chrX:21985061:A/T:1	chrX	21985061	A|T	1	SMS	NM_004595	6611	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	83	None
chrX:35919691:G/T:1	chrX	35919691	G|T	1	CFAP47	NM_001304548	286464	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chrX:35919691:G/T:1	chrX	35919691	G|T	1	CFAP47	NM_152632	286464	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chrX:40703435:G/C:1	chrX	40703435	G|C	1	MED14	NM_004229	9282	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	9	None
chrX:41343158:A/T:1	chrX	41343158	A|T	1	DDX3X	NM_001193416	1654	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58	None
chrX:41343158:A/T:1	chrX	41343158	A|T	1	DDX3X	NM_001193417	1654	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58	None
chrX:41343158:A/T:1	chrX	41343158	A|T	1	DDX3X	NM_001356	1654	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58	None
chrX:41343158:A/T:1	chrX	41343158	A|T	1	DDX3X	NM_001363819	1654	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58	None
chrX:41343158:A/T:1	chrX	41343158	A|T	1	DDX3X	NR_126093	1654	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	58	None
chrX:44343579:G/A:1	chrX	44343579	G|A	1	EFHC2	NM_025184	80258	coding	94	10	4	P>S	nonsyn	None	MALPLLPGNSFNRNVGKEKFHKSQHWGFCNNVMMLVSDEKPGIGGEPLLGQKIKPKCSIYPKGDGSDVPSWVAFDKQVLSFDAYLEEEVLDKSQTNYRIRYYKIYFYPEDDTIQVNEPEVKNSGLLQGTSIRRHRITLPPPDEDQFYTVYHFNVGTEVVFYGRTFKIYDCDAFTRNFLRKIGVKVNPPVQCPEDPYMKIRREVVEHVEPLRPYESLDTLKQFLQYHGKILCFFCLWDDSVSMFGDRRELILHYFLCDDTIEIKELLPHSSGRDALKMFLRRSKLPKNCPPRVYQPGQITDRAVLNSYGDFIKNQADGYLFDRYKLGKVDQEFYKDSDLSLGVTINVWGRKVLLYDCDEFTKSYYKSKYGIENFTSVSCKPPSPPPKIERKFPPYNGFGSEEDSLRNCIDLKPTPHRRNFKKFMEKDSYGSKSNILRFFAKLVTDKCVDLDRMFVISYYLGDDTISVFEPIERNSGIAGGMFLKRSRVKKPGQEVFKSELSEYIKAEELYIGVTVNVNGYLFRLLNADEYTLNYMEQNTDKYPFSNLKLALQKLKQEEGKSRELKQVFKAADSKHTNMVDYNTFRDILMSLTVGNLAEQEFVTIARHYRVPEGTCSDMDFLIALAHEKFKKNMFENFDTFIYSCVYEDREKKNVLPTKDIKRLCKSSRLPLSDDLLESLLSRFEDSEKQIDYKSFFSALNWRKNPVPELQPASYLKERCEDVWLGMPSPIPAKYIDYWTFLKDAFGLEEE*|MALSLLPGNSFNRNVGKEKFHKSQHWGFCNNVMMLVSDEKPGIGGEPLLGQKIKPKCSIYPKGDGSDVPSWVAFDKQVLSFDAYLEEEVLDKSQTNYRIRYYKIYFYPEDDTIQVNEPEVKNSGLLQGTSIRRHRITLPPPDEDQFYTVYHFNVGTEVVFYGRTFKIYDCDAFTRNFLRKIGVKVNPPVQCPEDPYMKIRREVVEHVEPLRPYESLDTLKQFLQYHGKILCFFCLWDDSVSMFGDRRELILHYFLCDDTIEIKELLPHSSGRDALKMFLRRSKLPKNCPPRVYQPGQITDRAVLNSYGDFIKNQADGYLFDRYKLGKVDQEFYKDSDLSLGVTINVWGRKVLLYDCDEFTKSYYKSKYGIENFTSVSCKPPSPPPKIERKFPPYNGFGSEEDSLRNCIDLKPTPHRRNFKKFMEKDSYGSKSNILRFFAKLVTDKCVDLDRMFVISYYLGDDTISVFEPIERNSGIAGGMFLKRSRVKKPGQEVFKSELSEYIKAEELYIGVTVNVNGYLFRLLNADEYTLNYMEQNTDKYPFSNLKLALQKLKQEEGKSRELKQVFKAADSKHTNMVDYNTFRDILMSLTVGNLAEQEFVTIARHYRVPEGTCSDMDFLIALAHEKFKKNMFENFDTFIYSCVYEDREKKNVLPTKDIKRLCKSSRLPLSDDLLESLLSRFEDSEKQIDYKSFFSALNWRKNPVPELQPASYLKERCEDVWLGMPSPIPAKYIDYWTFLKDAFGLEEE*
chrX:45746907:A/T:1	chrX	45746907	A|T	1	MIR222	NR_029636	407007	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chrX:45746907:A/T:1	chrX	45746907	A|T	1	MIR221	NR_029635	407006	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chrX:46643177:G/T:1	chrX	46643177	G|T	1	SLC9A7	NM_001257291	84679	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chrX:46643177:G/T:1	chrX	46643177	G|T	1	SLC9A7	NM_032591	84679	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	59	None
chrX:47185393:G/T:1	chrX	47185393	G|T	1	RBM10	NM_001204466	8241	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chrX:47185393:G/T:1	chrX	47185393	G|T	1	RBM10	NM_001204467	8241	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chrX:47185393:G/T:1	chrX	47185393	G|T	1	RBM10	NM_001204468	8241	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chrX:47185393:G/T:1	chrX	47185393	G|T	1	RBM10	NM_005676	8241	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chrX:47185393:G/T:1	chrX	47185393	G|T	1	RBM10	NM_152856	8241	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	26	None
chrX:47619193:G/T:1	chrX	47619193	G|T	1	SYN1	NM_006950	6853	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	159	None
chrX:47619193:G/T:1	chrX	47619193	G|T	1	SYN1	NM_133499	6853	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	159	None
chrX:48997659:G/T:1	chrX	48997659	G|T	1	GRIPAP1	NM_020137	56850	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	302	None
chrX:49228469:G/T:1	chrX	49228469	G|T	1	CACNA1F	NM_001256789	778	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	22	None
chrX:49228469:G/T:1	chrX	49228469	G|T	1	CACNA1F	NM_001256790	778	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	22	None
chrX:49228469:G/T:1	chrX	49228469	G|T	1	CACNA1F	NM_005183	778	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	22	None
chrX:49346362:C/T:1	chrX	49346362	C|T	1	GAGE12F	NM_001098405	100008586	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	440	None
chrX:49346362:C/T:1	chrX	49346362	C|T	1	GAGE12G	NM_001098409	645073	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	440	None
chrX:49346362:C/T:1	chrX	49346362	C|T	1	GAGE12D	NM_001127199	100132399	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	440	None
chrX:49346362:C/T:1	chrX	49346362	C|T	1	GAGE12B	NM_001127345	729428	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	440	None
chrX:49346362:C/T:1	chrX	49346362	C|T	1	GAGE4	NM_001474	2576	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	440	None
chrX:49346362:C/T:1	chrX	49346362	C|T	1	GAGE5	NM_001475	2577	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	440	None
chrX:49346362:C/T:1	chrX	49346362	C|T	1	GAGE6	NM_001476	2578	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	440	None
chrX:49346362:C/T:1	chrX	49346362	C|T	1	GAGE12I	NM_001477	26748	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	440	None
chrX:49346362:C/T:1	chrX	49346362	C|T	1	GAGE7	NM_021123	2579	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	440	None
chrX:51332989:A/G:1	chrX	51332989	A|G	1	NUDT10	NM_001304963	170685	coding	168	24	8	T>T	syn	None	MKCKPNQTRTYDPEGFKKRAACLCFRSEREDEVLLVSSSRYPDRWIVPGGGMEPEEEPGGAAVREVYEEAGVKGKLGRLLGVFEQNQDPKHRTYVYVLTVTELLEDWEDSVSIGRKREWFKVEDAIKVLQCHKPVHAEYLEKLKLGGSPTNGNSMAPSSPDSDP*
chrX:51332989:A/G:1	chrX	51332989	A|G	1	NUDT10	NM_153183	170685	coding	244	24	8	T>T	syn	None	MKCKPNQTRTYDPEGFKKRAACLCFRSEREDEVLLVSSSRYPDRWIVPGGGMEPEEEPGGAAVREVYEEAGVKGKLGRLLGVFEQNQDPKHRTYVYVLTVTELLEDWEDSVSIGRKREWFKVEDAIKVLQCHKPVHAEYLEKLKLGGSPTNGNSMAPSSPDSDP*
chrX:52864718:A/T:1	chrX	52864718	A|T	1	XAGE3	NM_130776	170626	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	57	None
chrX:52864718:A/T:1	chrX	52864718	A|T	1	XAGE3	NM_133179	170626	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	57	None
chrX:53196509:A/T:1	chrX	53196509	A|T	1	MIR6895	NR_106955	102465539	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chrX:53196509:A/T:1	chrX	53196509	A|T	1	KDM5C	NM_001146702	8242	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	177	None
chrX:53196509:A/T:1	chrX	53196509	A|T	1	KDM5C	NM_001282622	8242	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	177	None
chrX:53196509:A/T:1	chrX	53196509	A|T	1	KDM5C	NM_001353978	8242	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	177	None
chrX:53196509:A/T:1	chrX	53196509	A|T	1	KDM5C	NM_001353979	8242	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	177	None
chrX:53196509:A/T:1	chrX	53196509	A|T	1	KDM5C	NM_001353981	8242	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	177	None
chrX:53196509:A/T:1	chrX	53196509	A|T	1	KDM5C	NM_001353982	8242	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	177	None
chrX:53196509:A/T:1	chrX	53196509	A|T	1	KDM5C	NM_001353984	8242	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	177	None
chrX:53196509:A/T:1	chrX	53196509	A|T	1	KDM5C	NM_004187	8242	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	177	None
chrX:53196509:A/T:1	chrX	53196509	A|T	1	KDM5C	NR_148672	8242	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	177	None
chrX:53196509:A/T:1	chrX	53196509	A|T	1	KDM5C	NR_148673	8242	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	177	None
chrX:53196509:A/T:1	chrX	53196509	A|T	1	KDM5C	NR_148674	8242	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	177	None
chrX:53380790:T/C:1	chrX	53380790	T|C	1	SMC1A	NM_001281463	8243	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chrX:53380790:T/C:1	chrX	53380790	T|C	1	SMC1A	NM_006306	8243	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	60	None
chrX:53430183:C/A:1	chrX	53430183	C|A	1	HSD17B10	NM_001037811	3028	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chrX:53430183:C/A:1	chrX	53430183	C|A	1	HSD17B10	NM_004493	3028	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chrX:53430183:C/A:1	chrX	53430183	C|A	1	RIBC1	NM_144968	158787	3downstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chrX:53430183:C/A:1	chrX	53430183	C|A	1	RIBC1	NM_001031745	158787	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	211	None
chrX:53430183:C/A:1	chrX	53430183	C|A	1	RIBC1	NM_001267053	158787	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	211	None
chrX:72572139:G/A:1	chrX	72572139	G|A	1	HDAC8	NM_001166418	55869	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	30	None
chrX:72572139:G/A:1	chrX	72572139	G|A	1	HDAC8	NM_001166419	55869	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	30	None
chrX:72572139:G/A:1	chrX	72572139	G|A	1	HDAC8	NM_001166420	55869	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	30	None
chrX:72572139:G/A:1	chrX	72572139	G|A	1	HDAC8	NM_001166422	55869	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	30	None
chrX:72572139:G/A:1	chrX	72572139	G|A	1	HDAC8	NM_001166448	55869	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	30	None
chrX:72572139:G/A:1	chrX	72572139	G|A	1	HDAC8	NM_018486	55869	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	30	None
chrX:72572139:G/A:1	chrX	72572139	G|A	1	HDAC8	NR_051952	55869	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	30	None
chrX:103084917:T/A:1	chrX	103084917	T|A	1	NXF3	NM_022052	56000	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	34	None
chrX:105219858:C/A:1	chrX	105219858	C|A	1	IL1RAPL2	NM_017416	26280	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	13960	None
chrX:105219858:C/A:1	chrX	105219858	C|A	1	TEX13A	NM_001291277	56157	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chrX:105219858:C/A:1	chrX	105219858	C|A	1	TEX13A	NM_031274	56157	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	100	None
chrX:106036200:C/T:1	chrX	106036200	C|T	1	SERPINA7	NM_000354	6906	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	237	None
chrX:107602813:C/A:1	chrX	107602813	C|A	1	FRMPD3	NM_032428	84443	coding	4873	4873	1625	L>M	nonsyn	None	METLDSQRVQDRLLAAPGCSSPSGQQELFSSHVMQEESANDMECEQLPAEILRQVTVHRDPIYGFGFVAGSERPVVVRSVRPGGPSENKLLAGDQIVAINEEDVSEAPRERLIELIRSAKEFIVLTVLHTHQSPKSAFISAAKKAKLRSNPVKVRFSEQVAVGETDAKMMKKEALLLIPNVLKVFLENGQIKSFTFDGRTTVKDVMLTLQDRLSLRFIEHFALVLEYAGPEQNHKFLLLQDKQPLAYVVQRTHYHGMKCLFRISFFPKDPVELLRRDPAAFEYLYIQSRNDVIRERFGMDPKPEMLLGLAALHIYITVSATRPSQKISLKNVEKEWGLEPFLPPSLLQVIKEKNLRKSLSQQLKAHQTHPSCGTKGSAIQAKLQYLRILNELPTFTGVLFNTVGLDEKQSATTLLVGPRHGISHVIDLKTNLTTVLSEFSKISKIQLFRENQGVARVETSIMDAKPLVLLMEWPEATNFACLIAGYCRLLLDSRKMVFSRPASQPLPPPMIKADYMHSAHRPVTGGHLGKKESSYVGSVGTSPRKSSRCTPPPADSELVSFCYLHMREQRKEQESRTDVNENLIFFEETRPRTKSDPTSKSSGQGYEVVPDDFDAASLDHEPCASRARSYTLDNSLGAEALNFYCDSCKAKLQEQLGPRKGGKPGSSRDNIVDLMSLPPPGSEEEEEEEDETTSLLPAIAAPPPGFRDNSSDEDDPKRRAVQSQEQGRHLRGLLYDEIPVTLIDSVQTRTVRDHAQELDDALVSTLQALEALAASEDGPHPPPPQTAGLIVLATITPESSLDSGHETNSSELTDMSEMMSAMKQHQNTTYFLAQHLNKDSLLARKDLPFRIQSCAAQAVLTAPYSLGRPDPNPSLQPIATGQSPGPPGARRKLPQSEGQVQGERTYSLAVHPALSPQLSEQKNLSLLSPVPEDKGPGHTRAGLEMSLRAATSSLSEEQVSELRDNLPKEVRLSPKLILDPKSSVTPAIISAALQQVVHNKSLVTAGGALGNPPSRGERRLEASMGRPEVSMMSSSASKNLKFKISPSAPETSWNSQHQLGAEVSSSPRAPTGSRADSLHLSQQEDSLPVQNFPPKSYLLRTSRESVGKQATGEVAGKGGPVGGKPTLQKQGTISSQGEKAQLESTPKRSKLEETSLVPRATYPMALQSPSCQSRSHSPSCQPHGHSPSSQSRGQSPSCQPRGQSPLRSQAASRQVSTMPSRKLETTLNGAHSTSEGPAKPKSSRGPFRLRNLFSATFPTRQKKETDERQAQLQKVKQYELEFLEELLKPPSQGELPGTEYLQPPAPGRCSCQLRSSPVQQGPGMSREQRRSCDCKRICRGGRPQATQTPVPSLRGRERDRVLPSQRQPEAGPGVSLSSPINVQRIRSTSLESRECRSDPESGVSCLTTCASGGECLGAPNYRKLMRRYSISELDQGDRASLTSDVYPHPPLGMLPREAKEVEASLPIALGPKSRSLESPTLGDPSYVQVAPETKGPRQMAVFSLPEEVYRKPAELDEDSESSKCCSIRYCFYYRKCDMADDASDGKDELSYSIPMKILPGMKLDEQVVPVVSRTLQVLDAATCSSSSPEASRTQEIDLRVSTFEGSLAKINALRAHAYGLPDGFLAARLDTNELLTVLRQCVASPEARAPKPYVSQISEYKLELALKFKELRASCRRVANVDKSPTHMLAAITGSFQVLSSLIETFVRLVFIVRSEAQRQELLAKVEEVVRNYTFLLRAAEESTARNLNQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQVAAAAGAATEHPPGSPTSATVMSTFTHSLKTLIK*|METLDSQRVQDRLLAAPGCSSPSGQQELFSSHVMQEESANDMECEQLPAEILRQVTVHRDPIYGFGFVAGSERPVVVRSVRPGGPSENKLLAGDQIVAINEEDVSEAPRERLIELIRSAKEFIVLTVLHTHQSPKSAFISAAKKAKLRSNPVKVRFSEQVAVGETDAKMMKKEALLLIPNVLKVFLENGQIKSFTFDGRTTVKDVMLTLQDRLSLRFIEHFALVLEYAGPEQNHKFLLLQDKQPLAYVVQRTHYHGMKCLFRISFFPKDPVELLRRDPAAFEYLYIQSRNDVIRERFGMDPKPEMLLGLAALHIYITVSATRPSQKISLKNVEKEWGLEPFLPPSLLQVIKEKNLRKSLSQQLKAHQTHPSCGTKGSAIQAKLQYLRILNELPTFTGVLFNTVGLDEKQSATTLLVGPRHGISHVIDLKTNLTTVLSEFSKISKIQLFRENQGVARVETSIMDAKPLVLLMEWPEATNFACLIAGYCRLLLDSRKMVFSRPASQPLPPPMIKADYMHSAHRPVTGGHLGKKESSYVGSVGTSPRKSSRCTPPPADSELVSFCYLHMREQRKEQESRTDVNENLIFFEETRPRTKSDPTSKSSGQGYEVVPDDFDAASLDHEPCASRARSYTLDNSLGAEALNFYCDSCKAKLQEQLGPRKGGKPGSSRDNIVDLMSLPPPGSEEEEEEEDETTSLLPAIAAPPPGFRDNSSDEDDPKRRAVQSQEQGRHLRGLLYDEIPVTLIDSVQTRTVRDHAQELDDALVSTLQALEALAASEDGPHPPPPQTAGLIVLATITPESSLDSGHETNSSELTDMSEMMSAMKQHQNTTYFLAQHLNKDSLLARKDLPFRIQSCAAQAVLTAPYSLGRPDPNPSLQPIATGQSPGPPGARRKLPQSEGQVQGERTYSLAVHPALSPQLSEQKNLSLLSPVPEDKGPGHTRAGLEMSLRAATSSLSEEQVSELRDNLPKEVRLSPKLILDPKSSVTPAIISAALQQVVHNKSLVTAGGALGNPPSRGERRLEASMGRPEVSMMSSSASKNLKFKISPSAPETSWNSQHQLGAEVSSSPRAPTGSRADSLHLSQQEDSLPVQNFPPKSYLLRTSRESVGKQATGEVAGKGGPVGGKPTLQKQGTISSQGEKAQLESTPKRSKLEETSLVPRATYPMALQSPSCQSRSHSPSCQPHGHSPSSQSRGQSPSCQPRGQSPLRSQAASRQVSTMPSRKLETTLNGAHSTSEGPAKPKSSRGPFRLRNLFSATFPTRQKKETDERQAQLQKVKQYELEFLEELLKPPSQGELPGTEYLQPPAPGRCSCQLRSSPVQQGPGMSREQRRSCDCKRICRGGRPQATQTPVPSLRGRERDRVLPSQRQPEAGPGVSLSSPINVQRIRSTSLESRECRSDPESGVSCLTTCASGGECLGAPNYRKLMRRYSISELDQGDRASLTSDVYPHPPLGMLPREAKEVEASLPIALGPKSRSLESPTLGDPSYVQVAPETKGPRQMAVFSLPEEVYRKPAELDEDSESSKCCSIRYCFYYRKCDMADDASDGKDELSYSIPMKILPGMKLDEQVVPVVSRTLQVLDAATCSSSSPEASRTQEIDLRVSTFEGSLAKINALRAHAYGLPDGFMAARLDTNELLTVLRQCVASPEARAPKPYVSQISEYKLELALKFKELRASCRRVANVDKSPTHMLAAITGSFQVLSSLIETFVRLVFIVRSEAQRQELLAKVEEVVRNYTFLLRAAEESTARNLNQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQVAAAAGAATEHPPGSPTSATVMSTFTHSLKTLIK*
chrX:108187727:G/A:1	chrX	108187727	G|A	1	COL4A6	NM_001287758	1288	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	121	None
chrX:108187727:G/A:1	chrX	108187727	G|A	1	COL4A6	NM_001287759	1288	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	121	None
chrX:108187727:G/A:1	chrX	108187727	G|A	1	COL4A6	NM_001287760	1288	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	121	None
chrX:108187727:G/A:1	chrX	108187727	G|A	1	COL4A6	NM_001847	1288	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	121	None
chrX:108187727:G/A:1	chrX	108187727	G|A	1	COL4A6	NM_033641	1288	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	121	None
chrX:115894601:G/T:1	chrX	115894601	G|T	1	DANT2	NR_132337	642776	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	54021	None
chrX:115894601:G/T:1	chrX	115894601	G|T	1	DANT1	NR_147173	106029310	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10218	None
chrX:115894601:G/T:1	chrX	115894601	G|T	1	DANT1	NR_147172	106029310	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	10218	None
chrX:119934456:G/A:1	chrX	119934456	G|A	1	NKAP	NM_024528	79576	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	38	None
chrX:119934461:G/A:1	chrX	119934461	G|A	1	NKAP	NM_024528	79576	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	33	None
chrX:124057978:G/A:1	chrX	124057978	G|A	1	STAG2	NM_001042749	10735	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	1	None
chrX:124057978:G/A:1	chrX	124057978	G|A	1	STAG2	NM_001042750	10735	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	1	None
chrX:124057978:G/A:1	chrX	124057978	G|A	1	STAG2	NM_001042751	10735	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	1	None
chrX:124057978:G/A:1	chrX	124057978	G|A	1	STAG2	NM_001282418	10735	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	1	None
chrX:124057978:G/A:1	chrX	124057978	G|A	1	STAG2	NM_006603	10735	intronic (splice_site)	None	None	None	None	None	1	None
chrX:124422202:A/T:1	chrX	124422202	A|T	1	TENM1	NM_001163278	10178	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	70	None
chrX:124422202:A/T:1	chrX	124422202	A|T	1	TENM1	NM_001163279	10178	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	70	None
chrX:124422202:A/T:1	chrX	124422202	A|T	1	TENM1	NM_014253	10178	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	70	None
chrX:130071049:C/T:1	chrX	130071049	C|T	1	ELF4	NM_001127197	2000	coding	1103	800	267	R>Q	nonsyn	None	MAITLQPSDLIFEFASNGMDDDIHQLEDPSVFPAVIVEQVPYPDLLHLYSGLELDDVHNGIITDGTLCMTQDQILEGSFLLTDDNEATSHTMSTAEVLLNMESPSDILDEKQIFSTSEMLPDSDPAPAVTLPNYLFPASEPDALNRAGDTSDQEGHSLEEKASREESAKKTGKSKKRIRKTKGNRSTSPVTDPSIPIRKKSKDGKGSTIYLWEFLLALLQDRNTCPKYIKWTQREKGIFKLVDSKAVSKLWGKQKNKPDMNYETMGRALRYYYQRGILAKVEGQRLVYQFKEMPKDLVVIEDEDESSEATAAPPQASTASVASASTTRRTSSRVSSRSAPQGKGSSSWEKPKIQHVGLQPSASLELGPSLDEEIPTTSTMLVSPAEGQVKLTKAVSASSVPSNIHLGVAPVGSGSALTLQTIPLTTVLTNGPPASTTAPTQLVLQSVPAASTFKDTFTLQASFPLNASFQDSQVAAPGAPLILSGLPQLLAGANRPTNPAPPTVTGAGPAGPSSQPPGTVIAAFIRTSGTTAAPRVKEGPLRSSSYVQGMVTGAPMEGLLVPEETLRELLRDQAHLQPLPTQVVSRGSHNPSLLGNQTLSPPSRPTVGLTPVAELELSSGSGSLLMAEPSVTTSGSLLTRSPTPAPFSPFNPTSLIKMEPHDI*|MAITLQPSDLIFEFASNGMDDDIHQLEDPSVFPAVIVEQVPYPDLLHLYSGLELDDVHNGIITDGTLCMTQDQILEGSFLLTDDNEATSHTMSTAEVLLNMESPSDILDEKQIFSTSEMLPDSDPAPAVTLPNYLFPASEPDALNRAGDTSDQEGHSLEEKASREESAKKTGKSKKRIRKTKGNRSTSPVTDPSIPIRKKSKDGKGSTIYLWEFLLALLQDRNTCPKYIKWTQREKGIFKLVDSKAVSKLWGKQKNKPDMNYETMGQALRYYYQRGILAKVEGQRLVYQFKEMPKDLVVIEDEDESSEATAAPPQASTASVASASTTRRTSSRVSSRSAPQGKGSSSWEKPKIQHVGLQPSASLELGPSLDEEIPTTSTMLVSPAEGQVKLTKAVSASSVPSNIHLGVAPVGSGSALTLQTIPLTTVLTNGPPASTTAPTQLVLQSVPAASTFKDTFTLQASFPLNASFQDSQVAAPGAPLILSGLPQLLAGANRPTNPAPPTVTGAGPAGPSSQPPGTVIAAFIRTSGTTAAPRVKEGPLRSSSYVQGMVTGAPMEGLLVPEETLRELLRDQAHLQPLPTQVVSRGSHNPSLLGNQTLSPPSRPTVGLTPVAELELSSGSGSLLMAEPSVTTSGSLLTRSPTPAPFSPFNPTSLIKMEPHDI*
chrX:130071049:C/T:1	chrX	130071049	C|T	1	ELF4	NM_001421	2000	coding	1185	800	267	R>Q	nonsyn	None	MAITLQPSDLIFEFASNGMDDDIHQLEDPSVFPAVIVEQVPYPDLLHLYSGLELDDVHNGIITDGTLCMTQDQILEGSFLLTDDNEATSHTMSTAEVLLNMESPSDILDEKQIFSTSEMLPDSDPAPAVTLPNYLFPASEPDALNRAGDTSDQEGHSLEEKASREESAKKTGKSKKRIRKTKGNRSTSPVTDPSIPIRKKSKDGKGSTIYLWEFLLALLQDRNTCPKYIKWTQREKGIFKLVDSKAVSKLWGKQKNKPDMNYETMGRALRYYYQRGILAKVEGQRLVYQFKEMPKDLVVIEDEDESSEATAAPPQASTASVASASTTRRTSSRVSSRSAPQGKGSSSWEKPKIQHVGLQPSASLELGPSLDEEIPTTSTMLVSPAEGQVKLTKAVSASSVPSNIHLGVAPVGSGSALTLQTIPLTTVLTNGPPASTTAPTQLVLQSVPAASTFKDTFTLQASFPLNASFQDSQVAAPGAPLILSGLPQLLAGANRPTNPAPPTVTGAGPAGPSSQPPGTVIAAFIRTSGTTAAPRVKEGPLRSSSYVQGMVTGAPMEGLLVPEETLRELLRDQAHLQPLPTQVVSRGSHNPSLLGNQTLSPPSRPTVGLTPVAELELSSGSGSLLMAEPSVTTSGSLLTRSPTPAPFSPFNPTSLIKMEPHDI*|MAITLQPSDLIFEFASNGMDDDIHQLEDPSVFPAVIVEQVPYPDLLHLYSGLELDDVHNGIITDGTLCMTQDQILEGSFLLTDDNEATSHTMSTAEVLLNMESPSDILDEKQIFSTSEMLPDSDPAPAVTLPNYLFPASEPDALNRAGDTSDQEGHSLEEKASREESAKKTGKSKKRIRKTKGNRSTSPVTDPSIPIRKKSKDGKGSTIYLWEFLLALLQDRNTCPKYIKWTQREKGIFKLVDSKAVSKLWGKQKNKPDMNYETMGQALRYYYQRGILAKVEGQRLVYQFKEMPKDLVVIEDEDESSEATAAPPQASTASVASASTTRRTSSRVSSRSAPQGKGSSSWEKPKIQHVGLQPSASLELGPSLDEEIPTTSTMLVSPAEGQVKLTKAVSASSVPSNIHLGVAPVGSGSALTLQTIPLTTVLTNGPPASTTAPTQLVLQSVPAASTFKDTFTLQASFPLNASFQDSQVAAPGAPLILSGLPQLLAGANRPTNPAPPTVTGAGPAGPSSQPPGTVIAAFIRTSGTTAAPRVKEGPLRSSSYVQGMVTGAPMEGLLVPEETLRELLRDQAHLQPLPTQVVSRGSHNPSLLGNQTLSPPSRPTVGLTPVAELELSSGSGSLLMAEPSVTTSGSLLTRSPTPAPFSPFNPTSLIKMEPHDI*
chrX:132069471:A/T:1	chrX	132069471	A|T	1	STK26	NM_001042453	51765	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7	None
chrX:132069471:A/T:1	chrX	132069471	A|T	1	STK26	NM_016542	51765	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	7	None
chrX:132069471:A/T:1	chrX	132069471	A|T	1	STK26	NM_001042452	51765	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	902	None
chrX:135520813:G/T:1	chrX	135520813	G|T	1	INTS6L	NM_001351601	203522	5utr	188	None	None	None	None	None	None
chrX:135520813:G/T:1	chrX	135520813	G|T	1	INTS6L	NM_001351603	203522	5utr	188	None	None	None	None	None	None
chrX:135520813:G/T:1	chrX	135520813	G|T	1	INTS6L	NM_001351604	203522	5utr	188	None	None	None	None	None	None
chrX:135520813:G/T:1	chrX	135520813	G|T	1	INTS6L	NM_001351605	203522	5utr	188	None	None	None	None	None	None
chrX:135520813:G/T:1	chrX	135520813	G|T	1	INTS6L	NM_182540	203522	5utr	188	None	None	None	None	None	None
chrX:135520813:G/T:1	chrX	135520813	G|T	1	INTS6L	NM_001351606	203522	5utr	188	None	None	None	None	None	None
chrX:135520813:G/T:1	chrX	135520813	G|T	1	INTS6L	NR_147256	203522	non-coding	188	None	None	None	None	None	None
chrX:135520813:G/T:1	chrX	135520813	G|T	1	INTS6L-AS1	NR_046740	100874118	5upstream	None	None	None	None	None	None	None
chrX:136363273:C/A:1	chrX	136363273	C|A	1	ADGRG4	NM_153834	139378	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	204	None
chrX:139798205:A/T:1	chrX	139798205	A|T	1	ATP11C	NM_001010986	286410	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	68	None
chrX:139798205:A/T:1	chrX	139798205	A|T	1	ATP11C	NM_001353810	286410	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	68	None
chrX:139798205:A/T:1	chrX	139798205	A|T	1	ATP11C	NM_001353811	286410	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	68	None
chrX:139798205:A/T:1	chrX	139798205	A|T	1	ATP11C	NM_001353812	286410	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	68	None
chrX:139798205:A/T:1	chrX	139798205	A|T	1	ATP11C	NM_173694	286410	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	68	None
chrX:143510897:G/A:1	chrX	143510897	G|A	1	SPANXN3	NM_001009609	139067	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	1735	None
chrX:149830784:A/G:1	chrX	149830784	A|G	1	LINC00850	NR_109813	101241891	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	4968	None
chrX:153863598:G/T:1	chrX	153863598	G|T	1	L1CAM	NM_000425	3897	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49	None
chrX:153863598:G/T:1	chrX	153863598	G|T	1	L1CAM	NM_001143963	3897	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49	None
chrX:153863598:G/T:1	chrX	153863598	G|T	1	L1CAM	NM_001278116	3897	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49	None
chrX:153863598:G/T:1	chrX	153863598	G|T	1	L1CAM	NM_024003	3897	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	49	None
chrX:153943642:G/T:1	chrX	153943642	G|T	1	RENBP	NM_002910	5973	coding	399	366	122	G>G	syn	None	MSKGLPARQDMEKERETLQAWKERVGQELDRVVAFWMEHSHDQEHGGFFTCLGREGRVYDDLKYVWLQGRQVWMYCRLYRTFERFRHAQLLDAAKAGGEFLLRYARVAPPGKKCAFVLTRDGRPVKVQRTIFSECFYTMAMNELWRATGEVRYQTEAVEMMDQIVHWVQEDASGLGRPQLQGAPAAEPMAVPMMLLNLVEQLGEADEELAGKYAELGDWCARRILQHVQRDGQAVLENVSEGGKELPGCLGRQQNPGHTLEAGWFLLRHCIRKGDPELRAHVIDKFLLLPFHSGWDPDHGGLFYFQDADNFCPTQLEWAMKLWWPHSEAMIAFLMGYSDSGDPVLLRLFYQVAEYTFRQFRDPEYGEWFGYLSREGKVALSIKGGPFKGCFHVPRCLAMCEEMLGALLSRPAPAPSPAPTPACRGAE*
chrX:154405329:C/A:1	chrX	154405329	C|A	1	DNASE1L1	NM_001009932	1774	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	105	None
chrX:154405329:C/A:1	chrX	154405329	C|A	1	DNASE1L1	NM_001009933	1774	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	105	None
chrX:154405329:C/A:1	chrX	154405329	C|A	1	DNASE1L1	NM_001009934	1774	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	105	None
chrX:154405329:C/A:1	chrX	154405329	C|A	1	DNASE1L1	NM_001303620	1774	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	105	None
chrX:154405329:C/A:1	chrX	154405329	C|A	1	DNASE1L1	NM_006730	1774	intronic	None	None	None	None	None	105	None
chrY:9322709:T/C:1	chrY	9322709	T|C	1	RBMY1A3P	NR_001547	286557	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	52	None
chrY:9322711:A/C:1	chrY	9322711	A|C	1	RBMY1A3P	NR_001547	286557	non-coding intronic	None	None	None	None	None	50	None